rt handle this joker modi is a national shame. such a self obsessed lunatic. emoticon
modi is no doubt a great orator. hashtag url
with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list ndtv url
handle u went to see namo?
handle ya teach that lesson to modi, live and let live
handle people like namo the orator but not namo the pm. handle
scintillating atmosphere in dubai stadium. heavens torn apart with namo slogan! crowd jampack hashtag
handle it is disappointing that modi and parrikar are not giving israeltype response to every pakistani provocation.
rt handle modi in dubai live indian prime addresses the gathering url
people waiting for their turn to enter stadium to listen to narendra modi in dubai at num pm
respect is earned not given on a plattermodi deserves all the adulation he receives due to his hard work and efforts hashtag
rt handle and someone said narendra modi has no influence outside gujarat hashtag hashtag url
india inc doesnt see the modiled government as favourably as they once did url
ndtv crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url url
almost every channel has cut live to show pm hashtag address in dubai hashtag
handle handle yes modi has the charisma which many world leaders dont have! what an extempore speech awesome
modi was all praise for pakistan today. just because, he didnt name it. rtd
love the speech of my favourite shree narendra modi ( namo) in dubai it was owesome india ka pm ho th aisa ho warna na ho love u sir really
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai tonight num developments ndtv url
grand community reception organised for hashtag modi at dubai international cricket stadium
handle handle handle ofcourse he will. modi is in revenge mode at d cost of d country, out num take badla on sonia and nitish
i can see a lot of arabs in the crowd watching modi speak. have to give it to him. has so much of attraction unlike his recent predecessor.
handle handle handle handle handle congi aapin will say arre they bohris gujarati who support modi
rt handle hillary no friend of india ordered failed secret searches for mass graves to embarrass modi. khalistan mischief too. htt
rt handle he said that the dbtl scheme is launched by his govt,actually theyve only modified & relaunched the upa govt scheme.hashtag
modi to open world hindi conference on september num toi mobile the times of india mobile site url
today is world modi modi jai jai car. today us lift the head is live. congress then put num of ruining the country. out of contary congrees
rt handle since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi dimag lagao yojnaonly for congr
hashtag modi has spoken against num ur idealogy. shal we import burnol for u bhuhahahahah lolz rofl hashtag
remaining num are in hashtag.
modi gives speeches in australia, us, dubai, everywhere but parliament! he will surely give msg a run for his money! rtp hashtag
hashtag lalit modis name figures in saharasebi case subrata roys son had orally asked mr. modi for help in url
talking taliban n terrorism but also telling pakistan to be in its limits in a muslim nation is what we call chappan inch ki chati modi
hashtag mohammed receives indian pm modi his highness sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, vicepresident an url
more burnol emoticon hashtag etc
hello mandbuddhi handle
chumma chumma de dee chumma chumma de de chummaa url
more than num,num nonresident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium url
rt handle pm narendra modi waves at the crowd at sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi hashtag url
handle handle modi speaks better than manmoun;sane people believe a person first timetill his words start numfailthen he is doomed!
rt handle this shows how much people are excited to meet modi in hashtag . a true world leader hashtag url
what modi did to sickulars libertards in his speech and in his uae visit hashtag url
thanks dear handle for appropriately portraying modi charisma
rt handle nagaland had been suffering from insurgency pm hashtag url url
handle handle handle under modi this will continuebut even he is finding it increasingly hard as islamism expands.
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs num lakh cr; boosttrade url via handle
quote that fits handle,
i will only attend a pm speech when i am the pm rtd url
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis and today hosted num mega odi (modi). hashtag
rt handle nagaland was dealing with insurgency for a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in northeastern region
rt handle whats tragic is, some people wish ill for their own country only to justify their modi hatred! shameless creeps.
rt handle theres been num percent growth in fdi in india, says pm modi. hashtag
ruler of an islamic state permits a temple to be built deraccording to namo. bangkok extremists just bombed a temple. does it make sense?
modi delivers on his promise even then problem? httpsemoticon
guess who else was spotted in the stadium at the hashtag event today url
rt handle india inc lauds governments moves against black money
guys watch the hashtag live streaming here! its breath taking url rt this to help emoticon
modi in dubai live thousands queuing up to enter the stadium url
it is great moment for indians.
num.num lakh carore invest by uae in india
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments ndtv url url hashtag
rt handle our beloved pm modi effect url
nowmodi live from dubai
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple the times of india url via handle
hashtag modi entered masjid in dubai but was absent from iftar party organised by president of india. why? url
yes i mbut which policy or which program completely implented and successfull which started by modi govt
handle handle nawaz shareef would have put all the pieces back into shape with an apology from modi, a few sarees and mangoes
handle handle watching the live telecast, feels proud to have mr modi as our prime minister
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
somnum stocksmarketin hashtag new post lalit modi connection emerges in sahar url url
rt handle by visiting uae & sheikh zayed mosque, this is exactly what modi did to adarsh liberals
rt handle cultural show at dubai cricket stadium ahead of narendra modis arrival hashtag url
the will to speak malayalam in dubai is exactly the reason why modi is so popular. when was the last time someone did something like that?
handle what a event sir dubai wala aaj garv ho raha hey indian hone ka because of modi g and you great brain sir
there are num,num people at the stadium, tv reports suggest. handle is live blogging modis speech url hashtag
reading modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb on business line
handle modi is here for energy signatures of you know what i mean and its crystal clear !
rt handle massive pr boast attempted to resurrect modi s declining image while paid crowd chants modi modi hashtag
and thank you prince of uae for so much respect
rt handle so its confirmed now pakistan has lodged fir against modi in international court.bounty has also been announced
rt handle hashtag spl.
yes yes yes modi rocks in the foreign & what about country named india hilarious hashtag hashtag
pm narendra modi waves at the gathering at dubai cricket stadium
hope you wont hate muslim counties now who are giving respect to modi in spite of what he did rtd url
rt handle there it is. the padosi mulk reference. url
handle is congress supplying money to pakistan to fire against india to blame modi
while people were watching modi speak,
india keen to foster strategic partnership with uae in trade, counterterrorism pm modi
kreasy url crazydiode so many muslims attended the event hence modi is secular telanganaredux
people eagerly listening to hashtag speech on screens outside the stadium hashtag hashtag
what a speech modi sir hashtag
handle i very proud my namo
handle india is growing faster than any nation around the world. im telling the world, make in india. url
rt handle i will only attend a pm speech when i am the pm rtd url
even people from cold parts of india want to and enjoy working in num degrees heat of dubai pm modi. hashtag
handle whenever u hate modi it means u r again going to loose another battle
rt handle rupee is in hospital due to dr manmohan singhs treatment narendra modi, sept num. url
rt handle kejriwal calling modi supporters on stage and debating with them, which other politician can do this? url
i can see num sarcasm in modis speech evrytym!
modi bats for world peace at dubai stadium
hashtag this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm modi in dubai url
also, have to wait for a while to listen to modi jis speech in dubai because no live streaming in this country emoticon
handle i think u have twisted eyes, when u see modi.
congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments url hashtag zeenews
direct benefit transfer antr big thing n same ongoing as more subsidies linked n its real biggie.jan suraksha scheme url
today in dubai i am seeing a miniindia pm modi url
rt handle wall to wall media coverage in the hashtag press on pm hashtag visit. (image handle) hashtag url
handle handle there soul purpose to drag india into hindu state by pressing modi you promoting that idea plz
rt handle this love, this respect is not for an individual. this is respect for indias changing place in the world pm modi url
indias modi faces tough afghan choices two powerful arguments, diametrically opposed to each other, have app url
why hashtag modi chant coming from num, janpath, new delhi hashtag
rt handle modi finally gives the nod to magsaysay award winner sanjiv chaturvedis cadre change after a rap from the courts url
y did vajpayee not visit uae when he was pm? stupid, sadakchaap feku does not understand international diplomacy. url
i agree,the world considers india an absolute joke now.
i feel some punch line is going to come as modi in praising all neighbours. hashtag
handle whats this? a mass murderer modi being cheered by muslims! clearly they were cajoled n threatened hashtag
how many times these jerks visit som othr religions place of worship? does a pm have free willhuman rights or not? url
its a prideful &historical event for each indians on the grand welcome in uae gov & marhaba namo program we indians r thankful to uae gov
rt handle modi ruining career of teenagers my numth std daughter last num hours not moving away from tv hashtag
rt handle the muslims i spotted in the dubai gallery cheering for modi are dawoodi bohras. there is a difference. thank u
handle i am not modi bhakt but beggars dont have choice , except modi right now ( nor in next num years) there is no other choice
modis speech was quite a deja vu for handle and handle hashtag handle handle url
ghomakkad handle modi visits num countries in num months url
sly tweet for neighbours. url
handle handle rename bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, are majority of indians forgotten patriotism? is is most humiliating to bharat
handle has modi paid u or do u just want to be the teachers pet here?
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai (photo courtesy ani) url
hashtag hashtag live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi via hindustan times url
start up india, stand up india pm modis most emphatic quotes from his independence day spee hashtag url
modi ji should have given a bhaashan in delhincr, not plenty of biharis working in uae & dubai wholl influence voters back home.
all freedom fighter hinduism insulted by pm modi a selfish,opportunity, appreciation addict of pm modi.if he resign india must devope
rofl the tweet of the day
after modis visit, uae allotes land for first hindu temple url
rt handle live updates pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai.
rt handle pm modi speaking about indias relationship with hashtag hashtag hashtag url
he didnt declare compensation for the people who suffered from hashtag
modi the best of india.
rt handle handle they can just rant on twitter or on sadak, unki okat hi sadak chhap hai to kya kare hum, modi is doing his work
i can say proudly that when vajpayee ji called indians abroad for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the most pm modi hashtag hashtag
hashtag crowd gathered to hear pm namos speech at dubai cricket stadium handle handle handle url
hashtag lord buddha conquered entire sea, japan and china only with his words and honesty! modi did same today hashtag w
eager to hear hashtag modi !
obviously modi is not doing some mindmelding, we must be giving something in return. right? right?
rt handle after so many days watching modi live, even on live streaming is worth living an indian life. hashtag
influencing speech technology, emphatic genuine personality. hashtag is just a initial stage of modi as world leader
what was the distance between uae prince & modis room
sirji why do we see smoke wherever hashtag are sitting on seeing popularity of hashtag all over the world? url
hashtag watch live narendra modi addresses crowd in dubai
prime minister modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism prime minister narendra modi today took a v url
rt handle thank you emoticon modi ji rocks
attention modi bhakts and handle handle handle handle handle handle spread word url
i have not see the energy of any human in the world as namo has num degree heat & giving speech which is one of the best handle
in num modi ji said he has num inch chest in num modi ji will say he has body like john abraham hashtag
hashtag are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai url hashtag url
dubs cricket staduium welcomes pm modi
rt handle given modis star performances he should become the ftii director. and end the controversy.
handle modi hits a six with mallu new year wishes hashtag
how pm narendra modis uae visit offers a new strategic edge to indias middle east policy url
modi will address numk people in dubai. hashtag
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi
pm modi uses dubai speech to send out strong message against terrorism strong message wont find terror same as pm slogans dont build jobs
here we have the troll factories & media running the hashtag propaganda aka hashtag url
this is not play to performhe is real life hero hashtag handle handle handle handle url
handle ?s sincerity &honesty of ed & nownummore ltr numpm hashtag on inaction by ed in nhcase url url
love him hate him you cant ignore modi giant amongst indian leaders
in comparison to hashtag,his predecessors look extremely lethargic in their approach num foreign policy hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle numlakhnum crore investment in india by dubai hashtag what a faith generated by modi govt
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle hashtag
url refusal to release shaker aamer from guantnamo exposes what a sham us democracy is hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm hashtag thanks the crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for alloting land to buind a temple url
thanks a lot modi ji url
fdi in india will grow by num in one year narendra modi ji hashtag
handle gosh u must be so mad to see namos popularityjoin congress lol
sandip roy pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims url
handle congress sud outsource its eventual demise to modithe event manager
modi against all kind of terrorism? ok then samjhauta blast accused swami aseemanand implicates rss chief url
congrats to all on being greatest achivement by honble prime minister sh. narendra modi ji in abu dhabi.
modis speech is nothing new. this is exactly what upa did. *shows some graphs*
brilliant, brilliant, brilliant speech from hashtag. every point of modis speech was brilliant in dubai.
handle please watch modi addressing and muslims singing national anthem of india proud hashtag hashtag hashtag
namo just fingered cong. chuna laggaya ! i love it hashtag
we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi url
watching namo in dubai speech hes awsome
handle handle handle yes he has! so u bettr tell tht num the nation keeping your anti modi bious num yrslf. understand?
wat a great n brave speech given by my pm namo. im deeply listening his speech each n every line.hes d prson who cnnct pepl very sharply
how narendra modi does a tendulkar every time he goes outside india. astonishing. hashtag hashtag
modi in dubai live thousands queuing up to enter the stadium num.numpm several local business houses have re url
handle handle credibility of namo at stake, on whom hope of so many is riding.
greatest achievement of indian pm is getting permission for a temple in uae! priorities! url
rt handle government policy. congress mukt bharat, congress time achievements go to bjp emoticon url
what a proud moment for them after num years.
handle charismatic, majestic, blessed & loved leadrship is called mr narender modi. any doubts, watch him live right now from dubai
handle do u need sycophants slaves bhakts or ppl who can question govt & modi decides num remain away from parliament
pm modi addresses crowd at dubai cricket stadium. live url url
rt handle in other words, pm begs $num trillion from hashtag.
handle handle handle some of the veterans have an agendato disgrace modihe has assured on the honour of the flag
rt handle hashtag unprecedented. unbelievable. this is something we can call as stupendous. namo is a true world leader! proud!
rt handle thatchers first year contrasted with handle first year url url
on indian land you mean, right emoticon
live streaming hashtag marhaba namo forward together hashtag url
handle scintillating speech in dubai modi ji eu like plan unravelling in front of our eyes in asiawith india as the leader.
luck favors the brave! url
handle i got too many hate msgs for tweeting on modi
narendra modi ready to clean bowled handle hashtag & congees & hashtag from dubai cricket stadium.
if everyone would have been benefitted then we would not have seen ppl going against bjp url
our pm modi had send t right signal to r neighbouring nation supporting terror to end stalemate nd start talks to elliminate it hashtag
and it will not change emoticon url
narendra modis obsession of taking selfies is disturbing. he should stop it.
handle handle renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, are majority of indians forgotten patriotism? is is most humiliating
this looks like bhashan ground preparation for bihar electionswont be surprised if there is election rally by pm modi tomorrow emoticon
this leaves tht far behind,no one was shouting sachi sachinbut ppl are shouting modi modihashtag url
rt handle modi in dubai stadium packed num hour before the event
a huge thankyou to handle for arriving early at the venue and live tweeting for us all.we truely enjoyed it. hashtag
handle handle handle handle url
cultural performances started .modiji to arrive anytime soon
rt dna live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, emigrate & madad portal for indian migr url
secular credentials of saheb
hashtag pm narendra modi condemns shrine bomb blast in bangkok august num, num at numrtnumam url hashtag hashtag hashtag
after watching modi live a small thoght of raga crept in & felt a strong vomit.hashtag
you aint seen nothin yet! url
list of num countries which pm modi visited in num months url url
rt handle many similarities like maggi and modi sarkar
rt handle pm modis speech at dubai cricket stadium ends. catch the highlights here.
handle the article portrays the statesman that modi is! enjoyed reading it!
modi has taken dubai by storm literally hashtag
rt handle one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu the indian expressone trillion dollar url
hashtag modi rattles terror supporting nations and even challenges the united nations for not containing terrorism this man got guts!
watch live narendra modi reaches dubai cricket stadium hashtag
if modi thinks he can win over keralites with stupid speeches hes more stupid than i thought. we have v high literacy rates. were not dumb
hashtag from friends in dubai that large number of pakistanis in d crowd & cheering modi wholeheartedly hashtag hashtag
rt handle num (numlacs) crs (num,num,num,num) deal with uae hashtag
rt handle hashtag is really fond of taking credit for what others did. the land in uae for temple was given in num. but modi boasts abt it
handle how may fulfilled or tried to ?
you cannot hear modi and
handle law against paid news is fine. what about fake information? url
rt handle pm modi says effort has been to maintain strong friendship with neighbouring countries hashtag
sights and sounds of saffron in dubai.
hashtag pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url
a neat gesture. would britain follow? rtp url
india will launch a satellite in num, services will be provided free of cost to saarc rtmodi
handle handle handle do you have proof that modi did? give proof.
watch modi tours uaes zero carbon masdar city in driverless car url hashtag
modi declines yo wear a muslim cap in india but shamelessly visits a mosque in dubai hashtag
rt ndtv crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url url
we have once again lost the diplomatic war
hashtag crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url
rt handle dubai, where pakistani premiers go hiding, n modi is doing the biggest ever (nonsporting) public gathering (rock show
china will again exploit this big brother mentality enforced by modi over neighboring countries .
surprises r never far frm handle people r in awe of him is an understatement. may b english wl have num coin a new word for namo effect
all the sickulars n presstitutes are groping for cover not knowing wht to say or do next. handle has stolen their thunder. namo namah
handle hashtag looks like namo has made his inroads to kerala url
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance pm hashtag url url
num. hm made num days promise
traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill daily news & analysis url hashtag hashtag
pm narendra modi addresses around num,num peopl at the indian community reception held at the dubai cricket url
pappus influence outside kangress nebody aware url
rt handle modi has some legacy now
pm modi to address indian diaspora in dubai cricket stadium shortly. hashtag
rt handle num and odd flights from india to dxb every week. but it took num years for a pm to reach there namo handle handle
ya ppl sweating like hell still spirits so high just for having glimpse of pm hashtag. hashtag url
hashtag a well received address by modi though some of the pak friends misinterpret and twist the facts, and pose innocent later.
handle ur day ends counting ur modi bashing tweets and retweeting anti modi tweets. day begins with plans for modi bashing.
pm modi to announce special package for bihar? havent heard anything, says nitish with bjp leaders claiming url
handle anand sharma, jha working overtime to find faults in modi speech for tomorrows pc & tweets!
after almost every sentence people chanting modi modi. amazing hashtag
hashtag after modis dubai speech and in particular his hard stand on terrorism.
rt handle those who use bombs and guns will never benefit you or others or humanity narendra modi ji hashtag
rt handle lol. now the defence expert becomes investment expert. jab arun jaitley is finance minister, this is small! url
hindi version in namaste pose cover? url
handle great speech modi ji. better than u.s. and great success
rt handle round table indiarise of modi and antimuslim politics a critical reading of the left. url handle
shattered & bruised, they will overcome frustration by abusing modi & bh
modi tells the world to take a stand on terror & himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in one year. hashtag
handle in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect puppet. hashtag
handle modi is just fake sarkar he gets an opportunity to lie from ant corner.
prime minister narendra modi has urged businessmen in url
all the num vets in my company are satisfied with modis plea and are willing to wait.
rt handle pm modi writes his signature on a touch screen in masdar city hashtag url
what a humble man and what a quality url
handle handle modi doesnt have the guts to meet handle
rt handle it is my dhaarmic duty to warn that the splitpersonality of dr.jekyl & mr.hyde aka modi & aj are biggest fraudsters posin
rt handle lolol. exactly what you said handle url
and narendra damodardas modi runs in from the emirates road end aur yeh legspin, offspin aur yeh bowled hashtag
handle here is another example though political one url .its up to u what kind of columnist get chance in nl
handle modi threatened pakistan from uae today.uae proved they are collaborating with raw to destabilize pakistan,particularly kchi
rt handle shocking if true handle .handle writes to hashtag, blames ed chief for scuttling probe in national herald case htt
modi is yet again goes shameful. says he is ashamed tht no pm visited dubai in numyrs. but without it india numrd largest trade partner of uae.
rt handle rss, hdl aur bjp bhakts desh chodke virat hindu nation nepal jate hue after modi ji visited a mosque in uae url
rt handle its been almost num years and dad never forgets to call me num mins before modi speeches to remind me to watch it live on tv
and he is here. enters among chants of modi modi hashtag url
modi and indira gandhi both share one thing common political willpower. but indira lacked experience and people connect.
a pleasure to hear you mr narendra modibow to you
live modi makes a hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag ctags url url
when mms went on foreign tours,no one took note of it,but frustrated congies & presstitutes discussing every word of modi shows he is tiger
rt handle hashtag handle modi in dubai!secular s worst nightmare came truesee my cartoon! url
rt handle we need more development in east india pm hashtag url url
bbadrikishore url rt ndtv people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. track li url
these sanghis mocked pratibha patil heavily fr her world tours
hashtag handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag will address hashtag hashtag later today hashtag url
kejriwalnagpur url rt msrana modi uses cbi to give cleanchit to his communal friends but expects uae to take stern
rt timesnow pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium at around numrtnum toni url
handle after clean india,digital india,make in india,pm now wants accessible india.this is true inclusion url
rt handle how are you dear? shall i send you some burnol? url
rt handle modi top priority should be to develop the eastern and northeastern parts of the country.
num v all heading numwards hashtag & will witness strange things num happen.recent hashtag,same sexmariges url
i wonder why tharoor didnt ask manmohan to tour this muslim nation
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modinahyan talks, uae to back the indian express url handle
burnol moment for all modi haters
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url url
pm narendra modi on indouae joint statement denouncing terrorism url hashtag
many similarities like maggi and modi sarkar
handle handle do you really care for these veterans? shouldnt you resign ? url
rt handle scorecard as of now
hashtag after nehru, it is pm modi who has such a way with the audience! if he gets the diaspora to contribute more, then job done!
modi will never speak on vyapam. the more media demonises shivraj the better it is for modishah camp. internal politics is everything.
rt handle grand community reception organised for hashtag modi at dubai international cricket stadium
handle where did toi get the information from it doesnt say? secondly, no specific info exclusively about modis travel expenses
why i feel that its incorrect to perceive modis grand mosque as a conciliatory gesture url handle
handle handle handle handle honestly no comparisons. modi swept the globe attracting huge investments num.
if modi was going to let down orop protesters, he should have at least appealed to their honour url via handle
rt handle fdi flow has gone up by num per cent in last num months pm modi handle
i just heard in ur dubai bhashan.
man grow up he is doing something good
attend to the muck back home in uk. india is safe with narendra modi & with indians. brilliant post! by handle url
pm modi greets people of kerala on the occasion of new year festival
pm narendra modi ji is to come to ara(bihar) tomorrow on numrtnum am
rt handle i am telling the world to make in india narendra modi
handle do watch handle pm narendra modi on indiauae joint statement denouncing statesponsored terrorism url
modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! hashtag
hashtag m narendra modi receives a grand felicitation in dubai
rt handle q what would narendra modi call a moshpit?
rt handle a group of major americawestchurch funded hashtag which worked hard to stop modi ji in jan num ht
rt handle muslims of usaustraliacanadauae chanting modimodi & bldy sickulars congis & aapturds asses on fire.
rt handle indian pm handle takes selfie at sheikh zayed grand mosque with uaes handle url url
url live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora recreate madison squarelike event for modi speech
when vajpayee was pm, india had conducted nuclear tests & the world was shocked.many were even angry pm hashtag
pm modi not told dubai people , that he had killed thousands of innocent muslims in gujarat.hashtag
rt handle handle if modi ji would have got wages of indians in gulf equal num european, his visit would hv been a success. what i
people who need to, will get the message
handle they eben sreamed modi modi at azaan yesterday in mosque
of all the tags on modi, hashtag is best
rt handle no special celebrations were being planned at burj khalifa for modi ji.
modi sectional leather sofa url url
shouries critique is simple modi does not need a palaniappan jaitley as fm url
rt handle hes here for a long haul not going anywhere url
its an open stadium and a sultry num degrees. crown is not feeling any of it, overwhelmed by modis charisma handle handle
indias modi visits united arab emirates dw news for more go to url url
like the way pm modi taunts congress emoticon
to brief up this speech, bole to, to summarize we can say modi ne pel diyaa rtd rtd hashtag
handle .wat all had been left un spoken on num august it s accomplished now by modi ji in his lecture
mam i stayed in gulf for num yrs and you wont believe they change our perception of muslim countries. so courteous. url
govt of india has launched an emigrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi hashtag url
rt handle swacch bharat oh oh ewww! hashtag where is the sangathan or the modi army to make india clean?
dear modi, do something for village people, we are expecting something from you,develop on villages.
rt handle most laughable comment by hashtag
and you yourself had said our pm is an event management.
handle well speaking in malayalam must have been the biggest test for modi in his life and i guess he passed it
modi keeps making fans outside the world. i can sense this man turning it around for india. is he the dhoni of india. deliverer.
life in india looks bleak for those who dont toe the hindu rights line. my piece for handle on the beef ban url
rt handle live ive standing ovation to crown prince for temple, says pm modi url
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress url
rt handle handle handle handle
modi modi chantings in full swing in dubai leading to burnol sales in full swing in delhi hashtag
in case if you have missed speech addressed by indian prime minister mr. narendra modi, you may contact raj url
pm modis dubai speech key highlights url via handle
handle bollywood stars have become too demanding and now modi replaces them in shows all over the world. the show will end in num.
rt handle that power is called hashtag, you dumbo!
have a prime minister like sri
handle handle huge cheers in kerala! both handle and cm chandi worried. this modi charm can vanquish them in kerala! no?
rt handle om namo bhagavathe vasudevaya
today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nations treasury pm modi
after namo speech in dubai cong&presstitutes will have num be drowned in burnolall their opening must be smoking with firehumiliation complt
handle handle thanks to upa & dr. singh which modi opposed in his election speech
he is bigger jerk than rahul. url
making fun of narinder modi wouldnt help usm the fact is uae is preferring india over pakistan.
those who need to, will today understand our message on terror, says pm modi in dubai url url
modis passport must be thicker than shantaram book
so now i know why modi takes a lot of foreign trips hell never be criticized abroad ! hashtag
modi is beyond terrific, intense & powerful in this remarkable speechtakes big swipe at terrorism! hashtag
rt handle modis n bjps elecx appeal to nris in num vote,support,elect modiji n num rock shows(overseas) in an yearfree fre
rt handle celebrated hashtag hashtag hashtag flown to hashtag for hashtag dinner
looking at hashtag popularity in dubai today , this is the current situation of hashtag and hashtag url
handle handle numk indians giving standing ovation on one go of modi hashtag
handle congress is trying to invent why they could not think like modi. but they forget that their time was mostly wasted at num jan path.
acute pain in ass syndrome detected. kejriwalisation along with daily dose of soniafication suggested hashtag url
after modi refusal, what next for development of punjab and sikhs
rt handle anand sharma, there u go, modi doesnt give a shit about yr opinion. roll it, shove it. handle
rt if you are not watching any news channels showing the celebrations of modis visit to uae.
rt handle acute shortage of burnol in india after modis dubai speech. request our pm to please get some from uae while coming back
rt handle watch modi modi chant at abu dhabi mosque siculars please bring burnol to use and keep stock for today and future htt
rt handle aiims whistleblower sanjiv chaturvedi wins battle against modi govt. read url
rt handle do ghosts tweet url
rt handle he has no idea. cross border firing, ghastly exposes of his party serenely spouting script. hashtag url
pm modi really thankful to crown prince for proactively understanding & sending bulk quantity of burnol shipment to pak! hashtag
rt handle marhaba namo forward together hashtag url via handle
the modi magic continues seems like the dubai crowd has come to watch sachin tendulkar innings. url
hahahahahah most hilarious thing ive heard in a while url
cnbctvnumlive is lalit modi assisting sahara group? lalit modi to sell the groups hotels url url
modi ji, you do get veg food in dubai! and alot of it u know? rtp you dont need to carry along sanjeev kapoor to cook veg! lol hashtag
modi in uae marhaba namo as dubai readies for indian pms public address emirates num url
the visit of a mosque by a cong pm would have been derided as pseudo secularism. what about modis visit of mosque in uae?
rt handle handle handle handle handle krjri went catora for himself to spend on himself modi
rt handle fabulous work from prime minister modi.i would expect handle to congratulate the pm on what modi has achieved.jolly go
modi speeches are so powerful that if he adds aakraman at the end, we would have captured half of the world by now.
no since he took charge as pm , everything became sooo expensive url
hashtag amid chants of marhaba namo
modi means magic emoticon hashtag. my aaptard friends must be burning heart
from foreign tours hashtag does not achieve any thing significant , but back home sanghis feel like modi has conquered world.
rt handle pr ka muqabla nahi hain yeh baat manna padega even if you dont like modi some things are to be learned. learn it.
rt handle handle handle a lion has no boundaries, do he is lion pm modi in dubai
rt handle debashis basu public sector banks mr modis nightmare?
rt handle bjpsingle hero movieor you can say villain alsomodi ji
handle modi has tracked back more in one year, than hazard in his career.
rt handle pm modi has mercilessly trolled & attacked pakistan without naming pak even once in his speech.epic!
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai at num.num pm num developments url via handle
modi ji you are great url
rt handle modi in dubai congress feeling heat as pm modi on foreign soil
hope modi declares hashtag from dubai stadium hashtag
mr. hashtag ,as u dont follow the laws over loc then go num hashtag rather than kiling innocent hashtag on bordrs hashtag hashtag
handle modi ji discussing rape techniques with asaram to produce cunning people for development url
indian muslims watching love for modi by muslims of other countries.handle handle handle handle handle handle
rt handle modi s image has lost a lot of stock value due to scams in d last num months.this exotic dubai extravaganza is planned to r
handle handle handle why does media play numnd fiddle to modi bjp &try fooling viewers back home? url
ur tweet says it all. u morni handle fucktard at least learn to address ur pm correctly. url
rt handle modi magic in dubai. amazing speech resonates with the nris. hashtag hashtag hashtag
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odi & num modi
nbanews modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since narendra modi famously declined to
handlehashtag team working overtime to give credit to modi but the land for a temple allocated in num. url
handle handle handle handle modi in dubai ka imandar coverage sirf national news ne kiya. break free, thorough. without comments
rt handle uae has promised an investment of num.num lakh crore in india pm hashtag url url
how much were the tickets to modi sharjah cup hashtag
handle modi is gay, dare i say.
communal modi govt blocks peace progress & equal opportunity for muslims & then cons them with owaisi & sabir ali
hashtag what a champion modi makes us so proud
rt handle congressis, psecs& hashtag have got themselves into such a bind, they just cant say anything positive about namo
num.num lakh crore investment from uae will come to india modi
rt handle handle no shaikh permitted a temple for namo it was already planned during upa govt in num.
handle he is also showing namo!
rt handle taking on terrorism from gulf shows hashtag s leadership quality & getting it mentioned in joint statement his diplomatic.
handle im amazed, excited, inspired by namo in dubai. their love for their country & their leader seems intoxicating!
sonia g may clench her fist as much she wants, indians all over the world believe in modi as the leader who can change indias destiny
handle how much you rate modi for today
once congress was telling modi knows only gujarat people outside gujarat nobody knows about modi,
rt handle totally amazing hashtag url
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi
handle hashtag modi it took num years for an indian pm to come here
dear all, this is my humble request whenever modi deliver a speech plz avoid few channels aajtak, abp, tn, ndtv,indianews hashtag
an exceptional orator indeed.
handle look what you hv done to gen next my num yrs daughter is all modi modi url
handle that is what called armchair expert without any knowledge what going on ground. lutyens expert url
handle handle handle handle why modi, american indians didnt receive you well when you visited usa
rt handle in may num, indians voted for clear majority government after num years narendra modi
hashtag steers both critics & supporters; both behaving hysterically cynical, numst on modis motive & later
handle handle they said same thing about modi rallies before num elections but everyone knows the result
modi government please alive from sleep.
if one sumup all pledges of investment in india , it will be bigger than usa economy url
man of the match narendra modi
rt handle modi has no knowledge & speaks like dustbin. mms visited gulf thrice oman and qatar in nov num & saudi arabia in feb num
kejri cant blame modi as he in dubai handle onion prices go through the roof, retail at rs num per kg in delhi url
rt handle handle handle and what r u comparing to congress or app first see what have the done n modi g doesnt show
modi makes whole stadium to give a stating ovation to the crown prince for giving land for the first ever temple in abudhabi hashtag
namo lives up to his rockstar aura yet again. hashtag
so, swamy saw this coming. hmm url
dear apptards here are some current picture the pic you upload is backside of modi ji u poor morons url
handle handle crazy hysteria. its almost as if modi has conquered uae and the emaratis. are loving it rtp
rt handle hashtag total twts num, participants num, original twts num
in zerosum game of indopak relations, wondering if modis apparently successful uae visit signifies a loss for pak
rt handle handle today im very proud you visited mosque so agar muslims ka koi hai toh sirf modi hai. proud. hashtag
was disappointed with modis i day speech but today he settled it in dubai! my leader! hashtag
for me modi is no short of any super hero who raised hopes in billions about indian politics who had left their hope hashtag
hashtag haters gonna hate are those paid crowds he can pull crowd anywhere thats the power of his words. hashtag modi modi
great difference in vision and sincerity of service. url
handle aaptards congis getting rattled by modi jis visit to uae. reason? corrupt dna handle handle url
modi cursing and pointing finger toward pakistan in dubai shame on us we always devided but india respect leaders hashtag
theres been num percent growth in fdi in india pm modi url url
rt handle everyone knows that these are num gujjus who were flown to dubai just to chant modi modi url
num,num attendants in dubai sports stadium listening to modis speech hashtag url
hashtag good terror, bad terror, this wont work num quotes from pm speech a frenzied crowd chanted modi, modi url
someone should learn politics from modi
it seemingly created series of quakes in neighbourhood hashtag (pun intended ). url
handle this can be done by only shri modi ji, wherever he go, it look those country are only of bhartiya
hashtag r u listening? i hope he is not frm rssbjp! url
handle handle handle modi spent more than num lakh crore budget as gujarat cm and work done is less than num lakh crore.
handle okay! we will call modi dabaang pm real dabaang! hashtag
hope narendra modi condemns attack on hindu shrine in bangkok.
india has been a victim of terrorism for around num years pm modi url url
make investment in india.
modi still needs majority in handle hashtag
strong message for pakistan & saarc from pm modi. road connectivity project between bhutan bangladesh nepal & india hashtag hashtag
marhaba modi rt handle hashtag will not comment on why jonny evans did not train today. [ssn]
hashtag this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
rt handle lets talk facts wat s d amount of investments that india has got frm over num nation numo odd day foreign visit of modi hashtag
slump in corporate earnings set to continue this prolonged slump would make it tougher for prime minister narendra modis government
sir i have been saying same thing to you for long time url
rt handle wonder how much burnol will b needed aftr todays speech of modi jihandle i guess thy will need lots & lots of it
handle though im a modi supporter, i dont agree with you.
again a heart winning speech given by primer minister narendra modi
handle uaes offering a place for temple on the occasion of visit of narendra modi is beginning of a new era of religious tolerance.
yeahwhy did nm waste money on such fp exercises? shouldve simply pocketed it like how congress gov did! url
it was a huge decision to allot land for temple in abu dhabi by the crown prince. only modi could have managed to get it done. hashtag
hashtag dude, wtf? you broke up with me?
handle handle handle handle handle mr modi,there were many hindus, christians, muslims, sikhs in dubai.not hindu alone
modi ji live at dubai international stadium with thousands chanting modimodi.hashtag handle handle
if not modi as the pm, who else and why?
handle handle it is the duty of every citizen to contribute to the development of nation.hashtag alone cant do everything for us
rt handle modi knows what to say, when to say? a real communicator. hashtag
rt handle congress when modi in india pm modis does not visit mosque. he is anti muslim. please give congress burnoil
given the way cong is targeting modi in everything, day is not far when any kid born in a cong household will be blamed on modi too.
rt handle more than num,num nonresident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at hashtag url
rt handle aap in overdrive the moment modi speech ended. as usual, high on hatred, low on substance. theyre worse than congress hashtag
rt handle after d irritating news f radhe maa d news channels gt inspiring news to show d world widout any plotting n xtra masala. th
handle no other pm spent num hrs a day working. no vices, come up the hard way without support, a real comon mans prime minister is modi
so today dubai witness a huge modi wave,its perfect burnol moment for seculars and liberals hashtag
watching modis dubai speech. hope modi will soon visit ne and speak about problems of ne too like he speaks on foreign land
namo in dubai hd live on gulf tv url
rt handle looking at modis determination to curb terrorism im very sure hes going to shut down rss terror camps across india as
guess what pm modi could be telling the crown prince of abu dhabi?
modi give your sister a jeevan beema yojana this rakhsa bandhan
mordern education by feku pm
rt handle modi! double doctorate in public speaking hashtag hashtag
handle handle you never know if modi will put on a show something like this to keep his hosts happy! url
rt handle met pm narendra modi today. it was great meeting him. im happy that he likes my painting. handle hashtag url
i will ensure electricity in every part of the india in the next num yrs pm modi hashtag hashtag
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium hashtag
heavy shelling going on in rs pura sector jammu and modi giving lecture hashtag ! tweet from international border rs pura
handle handle if u cant see the love for modi even now, u r not blind,u hav closed ur eyes.even blind can sense the love.
ohw godab toh biheart hogaya modi ka speech
bcoz they r busy to cover narendra modi n radhe maa hashtag
hashtag his highness sheikh mohammed has given me so much love and affection which i cannot forget.
rt handle uae allots land for building first temple in abu dhabi; pm modi thanks govt for landmark decision url
modi first indian pm who threatened pakistan from the land of uae today.
namo is so much influenced by
modi hey, handle is that you there? url
narendra modi woos uae, says hashtag has $num trillion investment potential url at hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm modi says we work shouldertoshoulder with everyone towards development hashtag
someone is jealous emoticon url
handle please post more pictures of crowds nd stadium whenever u access twitter again very eager to see enthusiasm of people nd modi.
rt handle in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect puppet. hashtag
thats modi style. handle
url url icymi that burj khalifa pic with tricolour is fake url
rt handle foreseeing demand num burnol wake of modi chants in mosque, temple uae & more handle launches!
another volte face by modi led govt url
i want to talk with narendra modi sir in urgent bases i am in trouble please help me i want justices
congress as acidity! hail modi hashtag
hashtag dubai welcome to arrah mr. modi
the curious case of modibaiters landing up in controversies url
handle ji do not extend them , they all are corrupt appointed by crooked congress url
modi talks of mandir in abu dhabi. crowd cheers. handle
rt handle burnol please lol url
bhakts never visited the toilet since then.
slow thappads to opposition every single time.
a group of major americawestchurch funded hashtag which worked hard to stop modi ji in jan num url
true colors of lalit modi crook coming out. the crook is out there selling sahara properties
handle handle , nitish ji greatful . u have some thing u understand the pain of life. not modi p m.
rt handle handle handle handle modi doesnt need us. we need modi to restore indias lost pride due to to congis dynasty
in the stadium there are num people per inch of modis num inches. this mans charisma is numnd to none. hashtag
first time in my life i heard hashtag hashtag in cricket stadium instead of sachin sachin handle handle handle hashtag
handle few chairs empty at the extreme right. this is how unpopular handle is! hashtag url
handle handle handle it is a shame that congis are unable to see this phenomenon called namo
i am telling the world to make in india narendra modi
watch pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium on youtube url
handle this one is best url
rt handle narendra modis independence day speech between words and deeds the hindu url
handle they gave india $num billion of remittances last year. but your hate for modi didnt let you see anything.
rt handle this is the same hashtag stadium from where once dawood ibrahim used to rule cricket betting net. now modi to seize all his
rt handle modi in dubai roaring like lion.
retweeted dr. subhash chandra (handle)
handle vk singh raised tatra truck scam! now modi govt is in full majority! will vk singh let us know what is status on that
handle mr.abhijit wat n hw do u expect namo to do sumthing wen parliament is not allowed to function? stating prob is easy,provide ans?
rt handle handle in november modi is in vizag to announce the details of package. tour finalised. ap should not dominate bi
rt handle the headline that could not be published in modis india
hate him all you want. modi stands tall and proud wherever he goes. hashtag
saying hashtag is an insult to modi after today s handle expose on ranveer sena, modi should be called murder babu.
handle handle go and progress with mr. narendra modis government.
rt handle international world sees modi as a stand up comedian, entertaining people. hashtag
crucial for bjp to keep modis image intact. best strategy keep brand modi away from controversies. leave firefighting num ministersspokies
people walking in to the stadium for hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
so its prime time tv audience in hashtag when indian pm mr modi speaks in hashtag ! lovely performance on stage in hashtag
handle handle handle handle handle im nt saying they came to support modi emoticon
me india will overtake chinas population by num. what is modi doing about that ?
barkha dutt reaction after watching hashtag speech &kerala fan following for modi handle handle handle url
no such thing as good taliban, bad taliban. this wont work now pm hashtag url url
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url via handle
handle yes watching namo live.
rt handle meanwhile someone from sharjah is thinking outside modis speech venue, traffic ham hai yahan.
handle you shld be ashamed what u cong did with india, pm modi aapke failaye raayte ko samet rhe hai
rt handle veni, vidi, vici moment for modi, proud of you sir.
modi in dubai pm issues veiled warning to pakistan over terror url
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the injured modi
hope modi enjoyed d trip
rt handle why owaisis entry into bihar polls may spell disaster for pm modis mission num+ url url
rt url citizenblrnum rt rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
hashtag awesome words by namo in dubai. brainless congress people will not understand your effort in developing the country.handle
rt handle pm modi uae supports indias bid for permanent membership at the unsc. handle
handle handle nd the clue is presstitutes,congress, leftists will put aarop on modi govt over orop . watch out.
rt handle .handle modi targeting bal thackeray? hashtag url
rt handle pm narendra modi speaking at dubai cricket stadium (photo courtesy ani) hashtag url
visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque by pm modi is an aspect of the bihar poll strategy congress url
handle its not only abt modi, its about how much is pouring in
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice presid url
just imagine when imran khan becomes the prime minister of pakistan one day in sha allah and visits uae like modi man what a day itll be
modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi ho, yeh sambhav nahi handle
us has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but congress and nitish still so angry and unable to let go of hate
it was decided in num that the temple will be built in abu dhabi so how modi ji has arranged it with uae govt? url
rt handle more than num hashtag violations from the hashtag side since the hashtag government took office.hashtag
handle handle handle past num yrs india has developed a lot. in the nxt num yrs it will still develop, with or wo modi.
hey handle u want burnol or wil u buy it ur self ur pappu cant give half a modi ji gives
we dont differentiate by colour of the passport pm handle hashtag
modi condems thought of blast in bangkok hashtag url
num. investment of num trillion $
agar mai pradhan mantri hota
handle though i am a modi supporter,i * handle pulls out her dp gun,boom* think gujarati food is too sweet for my liking.*dies*
narendra modi wants to become next father of nation handle handle handle handle handle url
see, i had told you. handle no points for guessing pm modi will speak a few words in malayalam. hashtag
nd ys ppl in topi r nt realmuslims
symbolism continues to hold the community back. url
you can watch hashtag here> marhaba namo forward together hashtag
hashtag live modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against te url hashtag
handle pm modi started from dubai via delhi for bihar for an election really
its truly modi magic url
congress does signature campaign after indira gandhi cancelled orop in num. url
mr modi taking india to new level
great n wat a grand reception nd honour is being given to marhaba modi simply superbso very fruitful visitjai ho
handle they are all congressi in hidden identity to defame bjp & modi. wait! lemme upload my picture lol
the world sees india in a different way now.this change is not because of me but its bcos of d citizens of our country modi ji
handle you know such nonsense comments from u actually help pm modi get more support from people. continue with ur hatred!
rt handle modi says, samajne wale samaj jayenge, the crowd goes berserk. talk about plating to the galleries, and he beats everyone.
narendra modi in dubai is super exciting , bt being such a huge of fan of mr modi (in mumbai) is epic habibi url
rt handle goondaraj in politics spearheaded by encounter specialist bjp enforced by bjp allies
in five years, every village of india will get electricity narendra modi
namo in dubai loved it! thank u modi ji n btw amazing selfie with hh emoticon
modiji is uniting d indians in other country. but ppl inside india cant understand it. hashtag url
rt asachnum modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not pakistan.
rt handle govt of india has launched an emigrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi hashtag
handle just now found out thatmodi is not only ambani agentbut insurance agent too
hashtag hashtag why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world apart from bangladesh, t url hashtag hashtag
handle salaam. dr sahab, kindly do throw some light on this url
and by the situation in india you can get the insured amount soon! url
normal people action speaks louder than words
clapping after each sentence modi
rt handle our to be pm in num hashtag spends more holidays in countries modi never visited. hashtag, spain, venezuela, italy, e
modimodi chants gives me goosebumps. hashtag
hashtag in hashtag is such an encouraging sight. indian diaspora to be addressed by the hashtag for the first time!
handle yout todays panel is patheticboth are bybirth anti modi
modi is a magician. man. too good. hashtag hashtag
and modi sarkar wants to make farmers, industrial labour. url
numst century will be remembered for num things.
rt handle handle handle handle handle this is shameful. none of the pms ever did. but modi is used to of t
sitnb url rt emiratesnum modi in dubai live thousands still queuing up to enter the stadium url
hashtag there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here. hashtag hashtag
this is why namo is namo url
rt handle live now watch pm handle speech here. url url
indias modi visits united arab emirates dw news news >> url hashtag hashtag hashtag url
just wait to hear him wail and blame this totally on hashtag url
translated numm telugu
a man truly passionate in his mission despite such adversity url
you went there to make more money and have a better standard of living. and now chant modi or lotsa crowd flown in or just entertainment.
modi acting fearless against terrorism in uae. does that include ur sanghi saffron terror that rss & vhp carry out
modi sir you are great pm
modi ruining career of teenagers my numth std daughter last num hours not moving away from tv hashtag
rt handle why is modi so obsessed about ime myself all the time. does any statesman go on bragging about himself and denounc
god has some very special purpose for sending namo on earth! not only india he will change the world! hashtag
if modi continues like this burnol sales graph will reach mars very soon. hashtag
rt handle modis strategic checkmate dawoods assets to seized hashtag url
rt handle naveen patnaik odisha cm says
wud be any day better than the scum aka cong, commie mps that pass for legislators as of now url
handle modi asked for banana chips.the end
seen tom vadakkan, congress
what mr,modi said is d only truth.you expect to be praised when you scamedlooted and cheated the poor ppl of india url
this tom vadakkan is comparing pratibha patils picnic with modis visit, i thought you cant go below sanjay jha. hashtag hashtag
what a dynamic leader love you modi emoticon
rt handle modi visits the numrd largest mosque in the world & that country allots land for temple building.a perfect recipe for media
just saw on nrws nation one public told narendar singh modi jindabadmodiji now singh alsowhat a excitement of pmnow singh also
while handle busy creating chaos in hashtag, hashtag & hashtag continue working diligently
handle what a great personality of our pm handle .we indians are proud of hashtag. url
rt handle hashtag pm hashtag gifts hashtag pm narendra hashtag hashtag copy of the book he authored flashes of thought, an () url
indian lion hashtag roars in dubai stadium with numk+ public
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stadium in url sps
modis selfie obsession continues at sheikh zayed grand mosque this time habibi url
handle watching the amazing hashtag speech in dubai what a charmer he is
there is an immediate possibility of num trillion dollars of investment in india, pm modi says the times of india url
so its confirmed now pakistan has lodged fir against modi in international court.bounty has also been announced
just finished listening to pm modis speech in dubai came out and i hear my neighbors watching indian soap opera who is not indian in bhutan
rt handle pm modi to unveil rs numkcrore development plan for highways in bihar url
phew shes going bonkers
congress cant digest modis success and popularity.
indian workers are going there post work aka dubai duty free.
new career goal to become narendra modis travel agent
eyes like to see only modi not star mega star or actor director and others .
watch pm modi addresses large gathering of indians in dubai. url hashtag url
he has a lot of options in modis india!
rt handle modi visit builds momentum for indiauae ties, economy minister says, url
did u like srsly go to school?
for those who r saying hashtag hashtag is silent, should listen his spech in hashtag like.
recall the hype when modi ji made coffee for his friend barrack. how far did that tectonic shift take india?
listing to modi speech always boost confidence. a great leader india has after a long time handle hashtag handle
this is not crowd for world cup match or any concert, this is a crowd showing their love for pm modi. hashtag url
live watch pm modi in uae you are either with terrorism or with humanity pm modi
handle first time in my life i heard hashtag hashtag in cricket stadium instead of sachin sachin handle handle handle
handle handle nobody treats modi god herewe treat him as num who teaches everyday how to value being just a human
hashtag, victim of indian sponsored terror for over num decades. hashtag url
handle namo is one man army, no need any cover,
narendra modi use this time to push for special state for kerala in gulf hashtag
still there is no mention of nehru, indira and rajiv gandhi. congress must file a case against modi. hashtag
while modi is taking selfies and serving tea lol!
leave your political affiliation aside and analyze objectively.what modi has achieved on the diplomatic front is nothing short of phenomenal
lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit modi and a red corner notice may, url
handle handle sir gogoijino elextricity in gita nagar area since numpmand modi address almost overat least give after that
rt handle pakistan in danger of being isolated.pak sponsored terror clearly the target of indiauae joint statement.only modi has managed
hashtag hashtag dubai cricket ground gone crazy only modi modi ki gunj url
handle note how aaptards jump in to attack namo clealry sonia ke sabse bade chele
anyone needs anything from dubai?
url go die you fools at ndtv timesnow indiatoday
modis wave in uae uae promised to invest num.num lakh crores in india modi is a master who knows how to engage the crowd.
and the mindless nautanki continues promoted loyally by the hashtag
im not saying, the hashtag is saying that!
handle handle as sickulars say. u can buy num bhakts to chant modi modi.
unbelievable uae too got modified.
handle handle every time modi ji speaks and pause its goooooooseebuuumpppsssss
handle yes pride of india narendra damodardas modi ji
isbpl hashtag prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight cond url
handle handle hashtag [live now] narendra modi pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai url
rt handle there is no good terrorism or bad terrorism ~ modi
^~^ pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai
rt handle shameless hashtag anand sharma again twisting statement of hashtag who clearly meant uae. url
hashtag rtat least num dead in blast close num hashtag temple url
aft modi chantstemple in uae
still waiting for mr modis tweet in malyalam from dubai hashtag
hashtag you can also watch pm hashtag live from dubai on yuvaitv url hashtag
meanwhile narendra modi trolled by pagg ala dexter
rt handle yeahwhy did nm waste money on such fp exercises? shouldve simply pocketed it like how congress gov did! url
rt handle mihir modi is the best prime minister india has ever seen.
india does not have any capital. url
narendra modi uae visit indian prime minister says country has $numt investment potential url
pm will speak at num.num pm at the mega reception billed as marhaba (welcome) namo gates of dubai stadium opened hours earlier hashtag
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb url
narendra modi official american visit to attend un meetings or anything whatsoever is noway going to make any difference [numn]
thodak to reham kha le url
theres been num percent growth in fdi in india, says pm modi. hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle ashutosh govarikars next movie will be based on pm modis speeches.
the hotel guy in new york, a mexican, gave us cookies calling them sweet kachoris he kept speaking about modis ny event hashtag
handle well disagree on most things modi, my friend. i like a lot of things he does, hope those multiply emoticon
ghar ki murgi & janta daal barabar. also innocent hashtag people butchered by naxalites are daal barbar for hashtag ji url
watch live pm modi is addressing indians in dubai url
modis middle east policy should focus on migrant labourers too, writes handle
hashtag could win the elections there, if the permitted it in the uae. lol
rt handle pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium shortly hashtag
why allah in india more muslim than allah in uae? url
rt handle hahahahahahaha. most embarrassing moment of the tour. one embarrassing moment per tour is norm now. url
rt handle pm modi begins his address to thousands of people gathered at the dubai cricket stadium amid loud cheer url
rt handle thousand cheering bharatmata ki jai in the muslim majority uae oh what a feeling
handle modi should understand army men are on aar par ki jang for orop.
for more click & like nammatv channel url
modi is a performer n proved it in dubai too where congress pm didnt go he went n performed well on n off the stage to mass if not to class
not sure why people are surprised by the crowd, modi is doing what he does the best. great orators bring in crowd irrespective of profession
modi to open world hindi conference on september num times of hashtag url hashtag
rt handle num thousand people are craving to hear hashtag in islamic nation. congi retards told who knows namo outside guj
advaniparrikar pmdypm
rt handle my firstpost article on how a gujarati thali and sanjeev kapoor followed modi all the way to a state dinner in uae. httpemoticon
modi magic happening in uae, the spell is marhaba modi hashtag
sathyam parayalo i never admired or followed modi
handle handle it is in one way a commendation to pm modi that pakistanis in their insecurities have to shout and scream.
watch hashtag live on tv.
monsoon deficit to widen,impact kharif rtimd. d first real trialnum hashtag govt. it has been lucky with low oil prices,& less gold import.
handle we bow to pm mr narendra modi what a speech. sir you rock. god bless you
rt handle yes, mr prime minister, including ab vajpayee hashtag url
tweets suggest that namo has arrived in the stadium. but kumkum bhagya is on air. pragya is to arrive, apparently after being back from dead
handle handle handle handle geat now modi is not modi but. hashtag
its been almost num years and dad never forgets to call me num mins before modi speeches to remind me to watch it live on tv rtd
friend tells me hes watching modi live along with num pakistani colleagues. thats what is expected out of a leader. respect! hashtag
et commentary pm modis independence day speech exhibits a disturbing distance from reality url handle handle
modi jis num months as pm.
handle come on! cant give credit to modi for everything and blame to bureaucrats! handle handle handle
press conference of foreign secretary on the eve of pm modis visit url
[amazing speech] prime minister narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium url hashtag url
pm modi is performing excellent in foreign countries. we a part of team india are feeling proud for our country url him
rt handle the story of narendra modi & lal krishna advani is like sachin tendulkar & rahul dravid, both are awesome but only one
rt handle read my handle satire article
num and odd flights from india to dxb every week. but it took num years for a pm to reach there namo handle handle
really a mystery why modi gets a lot of support from nris, right not.
can u see the similarities.those protesting for orop behaving like hashtag.still on roads after modi assured in front of nation. planted
say what you may, modi knows how to engage with the crowds. his oratory skills are really good hashtag
if modi would have spoke half of wat he spoke in dubaiparliament moonsoon session would not have been a washout hashtag hashtag
just the right platform to make an announcement about the new cricket league at the dubai cricket stadium. just the wrong modi. hashtag
fiberals are (jal kar) raakstars
welcome namoin dubai url
time for decisive battle against terror pm modi hashtag hashtag url url
rt handle i dont think in my lifetime ill ever see a master statesman than our beloved pm modi ji. hashtag
rt handle debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag courting its friends, cornering pak. modi pulls the rug from unde
rt handle actually the diffbut i believe dont compare our legendary pm with idiots.our pm is way ahead of these musafirs https
rt handle dear modi ji tell investors that past lazy govts only managed to make uae a top trading partner. you will make it topper pa
rt handle we url welcomes narendra modi, pm of india in uae! hashtag hashtag url
handle handle there are some idiots who keep crying for wetting their pants whenever modi speaks some r journo, some r pol
handle handle handle handle handle handle
just awsm speech modi rocks hashtag
hashtag crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi ndtv url hashtag hashtag
what a speech modi ji
ps i have seen ppl doing that in delhi
raga momma but i am the prince. ye kaun hai modi
modi ji live in uae. what a grand welcome.
handle handle handle just think abt d moral boost which d indians in dubai have felt after hashtag electrifying speech
handle handle a liar deceives himself more than anyone, for he believes he can remain a person of good character when he cannot.hashtag
this is about modi influence!
rt handle pm modi again takes a jibe at pak, talking about how saarc countries are cooperating but num country wants to oppose everyth
all my years in gulf, i always believed nris here are not at all communal but modi manages to communalizepolarize every place hashtag
modi is now proving with increasing intensity and frequency that he does not deserve to be pm of india. handle handle handle
rt handle no achievements, so our newspapers discuss menus during modijis tours. url
rt handle modi rocked,aaptards shockedhashtag url
hashtag very well done modi jee. proud to be having pm like you.
hashtag namo wished malayalees in their language. kerala people excited
num.num crore and ladies n gentlemen its not modi its you that is being remembered more.
rt handle i am totally unable to understand modi govts mishandling of hashtag
modi is now getting uae to invest in india which is a serious new move maroof raza hashtag url
rt handle handle handle have u ever seen nihal chnad? pls tell delhi police hc is loking for him bloody shameless bjp scnd home m
why pm modi always in election campaign mode
greatness of sri narendra damodhardas modi and his highness sheikh mohammad. they are divine power on this earth to serve peace humanity
i dont hate modi as hatred doesnt have place in my heart but tht doesnt denies d fact that he is undeserving criminal to be the pm of india
modi is undoubtedly one of the best orators our country has ever had! hashtag
hereby modi ji declared the all time top scorer in dubai international cricket stadium. hashtag
rt handle stadium is at num capacity at numrtnumpm twice the public still waiting outside gates hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle this is the website url modi ji was talking about n its not working till date coz of mishandling of fo
just two days back in iday speech modi ji said
sick joker repeats his abominable behaviour in uae, trash talk reminds one of guy prancing around, dick in hand hashtag url
hashtag modi addresses thousands of indian expats at dubai cricket stadium url hashtag
if election would be conduct outside india (abroad) ,narendra bhai modi would make a clean sweepdis is url
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
handle sure modi is reason, you were so friendly with pakis, you tide hands of our army, they rarely retaliated, now they are getting reply
after modi becoming pm everything has gone to waters url
hashtag i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister narendra modi on url
handle by now handle should have realised tt namo handle handle will not raise sogas petticoat above her knee.
rt handle couldnt agree more jai ho url
list of u turns taken by modi sarkaar till date. hashtag url
rt handle imagine tweets of narendra modi num years back if indians were dying in cross border firing and mms was going on foreign trips cl
whatever reason hashtag have to hate modi, but u cant take your eyes off from the ocean of indians in dubai show now. modi has content.
handle again the same kind of reception is what mr. modi received in dubai. no one knows truth.
woaahh welcome in all language.
rt handle indians in gulf countries, especially labourers, have played a huge role in contributing to remittances narendra modi
hashtag pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium at around numrtnum tonight url
time gap is just num yr.
hashtag this is hashtag magic. this is not hashtag , this is hashtag ,hashtag a true rockstar handle url
handle sir this is adani modi ji s man as per congress these guys only get subsidy you will get another warning
what a absolute atmosphere there in dubai . hashtag
summary of modis speech
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi what he has done for india and business in particular url
pm modi welcomes uae support for india becoming a permanent member in the united nations security council
modis uae visit pm discusses investment opportunities with uae officials url url
handle yah true, as much as bhakt abuses , modi follow that moron on immediate basis handle handle
live pm narendra modi arrives in dubai on the second leg of uae visit url
hashtag is a desperate attempt by hashtag, congoons and antinationals to get over the fact that dubai is chanting namo namo. hahaha!
count the number of shuttle service buses to the event on sheikh mohammed bin zayed road hashtag url
one of the best motivational speaker hashtag salute
hashtag crowd chanting modi modi url
wen modi s image gets a set back due to failures n incompetency his pr agency plans big exotic events abroad hashtag
rt handle now i got that modi the rockstar url
i love the way pm modi can make whole crowd chant jai in reply to his bharat mata ki, which reverberated throughout the stadium.
pm ho to aisa wah modi sir
handle handle go n watch newschnnel look at the fan following of modi
leaders in abu dhabi and dubai have showered me with love, will never forget it narendra modi
people may criticise his foreign tours, but the best thing about modi government is undoubtedly foreign diplomacy. the best in the business.
rt handle the loud roar on modi thanking crown prince for allotting temple land deafens all the aadarsh liberal outrage put together.
rt handle first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at handle event in dubai. hashtag url
modi at least tries with his selfie antics.
hashtag hashtag electrifying speech comes num an end handle url
no good terrorism no bad terrorism modi ji hashtag
rt handle i want to thank the rulers that they have backed indias candidature for a permanent seat in unsc pm modi in dubai url
rt handle ranasagarika reaction after getting know that uae going to built temple on pm modi request. hashtag url
modi ji mentioned abt given temple land,he is trolling handle & other sickulars very badly, that too internationally! hashtag
modi, modi chantings in full swing in dubai leading to burnol sales in full swing in delhi. url
lovely one too good. url
modi setting up the missing link among distributed indians. hashtag
rt handle modi in dubai live vips start reaching venue; pm en route url
im not weak but hearing modi ji today
in india hindus are shouting islamic pm modi rocks & few minutes ago islamic pigs have blown up a hindu temple in thailand.
rt handle esselworld is planning to sign narendra modi as its brand ambassador because ghar nahi nahi nahi jaaoonga main.
modi d having d time of his life at d tax payers expense wat a loser hashtag
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi tens of thousands of indian expatriates flooded into du url
handle i remember you were promodi a year back, isnt that correct? emoticon
rt handle fuck it, im gonna be a stripper line namo ni anya after abpsyc exam handle url
handle great sppech by namo
watching hashtag ji speech on hashtag handle
modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! time to take a break! hashtag url
pm call cook frm india sanjeev kapoor.salute num royalty of modi ji.doesnt think same num poor ppl.hashtag hashtag url
rt handle brace ur selves fr jumlas n nonsense
zabardast ! hope there is no miandad in the stadium url
handle the pain of ones family members is always in ones heart. u donot need to show it to prove it.all indians r namo family
rt handle day is not far when we will have torrents like
rt handle stat pm modi becomes the first indian who visits dubai and doesnt taste hummus. hashtag
handle handle those who support humanity r our frnds
u in stadium for modi event ? handle
swachh bharat mission yet to take off in num states url but modi claimed credit for completing it url
handle if really think so must act against modi ji in bihar n punjab unconditionally as majority r frm there in defense,as per my inf.
hey morons if namo wants num win elections in bihar why should he go num mosque in dubai .he can go in india n gain more votes hashtag
man grow up he is something good
live modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against terrorism via handle url
pm modi gives indirect warning to dawood in front of num crowd at cricket stadium dubai
rt handle handle modi seems to be a great marketer & escapist.to cover the failure un ls for num sessions made tge uae trip. muscat has
saarc countries have come together on the path to development narendra modi
rt handle appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi url hashtag hashtag hashtag
in his dubai speech, modi highlights strong significance of recent signing of transport agreement between bangladesh bhutan india and nepal
people eagerly listening to hashtag speech on screens outside the stadium hashtag url
same time you people are denying worshiping rights of the minorties in india dear modi one question to you will you be ready to
could not stop for death u mean wait for death url
rt handle globetrotting modi visited num countries in last one year. what did he get for india
new delhi, aug. num (ani) the congress on url
handle handle modi is giving election speech in dubai.
what this fellow ( modi ji ) doing in dubai.
rt handle namo flooded islamic media but not our indian hashtag
if u want to know national interest from modis uae visit,thn watch dd news and for entertainment watch others news chanl handle
more ass burn for sonia gandhi ! modi mentions recent nagaland agreement ! hashtag
but now its age of transformation
narendra modi childrens hospital los angeles specialists offer back to school tips to parents on keeping kids url
rt handle hope you wont hate muslim counties now who are giving respect to modi in spite of what he did rtd url
prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took place outside a hindu temple in thai c url
international world sees modi as a stand up comedian, entertaining people. hashtag
rt handle wall to wall media coverage in the uae press on pm narendra modis visit. hashtag url
rt handle really a mystery why modi gets a lot of support from nris, right not.
watching modijis speech. we are so proud to have such a legend as our pm. jai hind jai bharat. namo namo.
rt handle it wont be erroneous to say that people of india is lucky to have pm like narendra damodardas modi, no one i repeat no on
rt handle pentagon blocking guantnamo deals to return shaker aamer and other cleared detainees url
yaar everything is fine, modi is great & we all love him but please stop these burnol jokes, it has become tooooo boring now hashtag
bhaktsavarna telepathy is indias na
modi can destroy all propaganda of media in one speech. hashtag
apart from the temple.
rt handle did only chef flown in or along with him a contigent ? will b interesting to know , url
handle dares to raise the issue of war against terrorism standing on soil of middle east asia. thats it. url
rt handle uneducated uncouth modi trying to compare himself with indiraji and nehru god give him some sense hashtag hashtag
proud of my pm handle, an international statesman
pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims url
handle no different from rw hardliners and modi bhakts like you and others who are tweeting in a coordinated manner. well played.
rt handle .handle infact an entire village was evacuated n sent to uae to chant modi. poor villagers
rt handle allegations of sr bjp leaders yashwant sinha, mm joshi, sushil modi of having supported ranveer sena. hashtag
the world will chant namo namoas dubai is chanting now. hashtag
i am seeing a miniindia before me right here in hashtag pm modi hashtag hashtag url
handle please check how many deadlines have been violated. that namo is being manipulated by bureaucracy is bad and then police?
handle i hope now people got the answer why namo has not spoke about terrorism on numth august
rt handle handle i am there but couldnt get tickets. modi more popular than srk in dubai.
hashtag handle congress crying foul about mr.modis remark about pm of india not visiting uae for num years. what is wrong in it.
adarsh liberals are well wishers of none they have their own agenda that benefits them financially. worst quality humans hashtag hashtag
pm modi to address num indians in dubai at num.num pm num developments url hashtag hashtag url
modi ji doing well naa ,numlac cr , imagine kitni economy growth hogi
hashtag rt shubhajitroy modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi ho, yeh sa
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium, shortly. hashtag url url
rt handle this is a patternevery time modi addresses a nri audience, nri bashing starts.
i liked a handle video from handle url pm narendra modis address to the nation on numth independence
num flights come to hashtag from india every week and it still took num years for an indian pm to come here hashtag url
rt handle after hearing ppl chatting modimodi in the grand mosque in uae hashtag url
modi hinting on pakistan on terrorism, good talibbad talib policy in a friend country of pak.test num pakistan foreign relations n diplomacy
if modi visits temple > he shud visit mosque if modi visits mosque > that one is tourist place. hashtag hashtag
hashtag modi the word is enough handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
handle what an irony? modi can make sheikhs do pooja but cant handle his people at home lol
hashtag story big debate to critisise modi n his govt has become a fashion to politicians n journalist. i think both are cherishing
handle as a defence wife soon to be a veteran and mother of a def officer,can say psts no longer about orop but only anti modi
you may disagree with modis style of functioning but you cant deny the global spectacle the man is building for india. hashtag
pm modi people from all over the world have come to dubai
you are those people who have worked hard and are working here for many years. at the same time you are enhancing indias pride pm modi
you can follow this page for more real time updates about modis uae visit
difference between bjp and congress is modi.
rt handle its a fraud ab initio played on hardworking indians in dubai hashtag is throwing hashtag at these indian workers hashtag
rt handle cong slams modi for targeting previous govts on foreign soil url url
you are enhancing indias pride pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium. hashtag
thats a good start url
rt handle forget filing an fir, modi govt hasnt even revoked vadras vip privileges. modiji, aapka kya lagta hai woh? url
modi ji from hashtag between them.
handle handle how much time modi needs to reach & speak in parliament insulting previous govts at foreign land what is he achieving
now watching modi live in uae
brand ambassador of india hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
prime minister of india narendra modi will be addressing the indian community in dubai in sometime url
watch live narendra modi india prime minister speech at dubai uae telecast on tv channels url
is modis uae visit is somehow related to politics in kerela ? hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle did know arvind kejriwal has deployed so many social media trolls to defame modi ji hahaha hashtag.
honestly, modi is speaking right points on wrong platform. dubai nris wants to hear solutions to their problems. hashtag
but he is not a scam master url
awesome full support from all the community modi rocks again hashtag
modi in the neighbourhood. hashtag
hashtag friends in hashtag this crowd is nt in hashtag its in hashtag c d crowd num hearhashtag handle url
rt handle union minister modis special package for bihar on august num url url
akshatforever url rt rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
rt handle handle now they can spin more & say modi forced abu dhabi govt to allot land num temple to insult muslims! handle
pm of india narendra modi arrives
modi is india and india is modi undoubtedly the best thing ever since gandhi and vivekananda.
modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! huh ! handle hashtag
thats the reason why modi not speak in india on numth august he want world should liston him. great mind.
blooper by modi for his detractors. sheikh hasina is the pm, not president of bangladesh. now everyone will have their knives out.
doesnt it occur to hashtag that the growing thru cheaply manufactured exports doesnt work anymore? url
can any party do it in india even?
he has aladin ka chirag na emoticon
>>>> dubaibased artist views modi through portraits <<<<<
handle handle handle our indian muslim brothers
histrorical speach first time after num independence made by honble prime minister modi jee in dubai ,his appeal is very effective ,
aus homtur voice modi presents $num trillion investment opportunites to regulations and the business env url
pm modi appeals to people to give standing ovation to crown prince as a thanking gesture for allowing temple in abu dhabi. hashtag
handle despite fact mms took hashtag along with him on pm aircraft. journos desperate to see modi fail, losses immense
host of steps have been taken by the government to tackle black money pm narendra modi
rt handle pm visiting the grand mosque is a fitting tribute to a ruler who was loved by many sheikh zayed.
handle handle any comments url
rt handle handle handle but the place where you hv been for dinner there also ppl watching namo right?
handle yeah! modi should have told sharif, chalo, free food, free travel, might get some gifts too.handle handle
pm modi says online platform called maddad to connect indian diaspora around world hashtag
tune to any news channel url
festive season in dubai. namo namo everywhere. great to see hashtag
modi always rockseverywherehashtag url
rt handle the overflowing amount of enthusiasm and hope, modi injects is like amazing. true leader. hashtag
hashtag hashtag or hashtag hashtag url
hashtag hashtag cultural welcome for hashtag in hashtag url
handle handle modi is able to invigorate humanity and common sense among leaders of the world.
hashtag modi gulf countries were ahead in helping india
everything possible for him, just believe on namo url
grumpy hashtag must be dissecting modis speech, looking to find something to crib about! sympathies to all antimodi ppl hashtag
rt handle .handle before he became pm, politicians warned communal riots would break out. to their disappointment httpemoticon
lalit modi connection in sahara housing bonds
rt handle celebrate independence day with fervour darul uloom tells madrasas url modi effect! url
hashtag is the challenge now,not modi or anti modi agenda.
rt handle agreed. too often the problem with the indian left. stress more on pending responsibilities, if you must. url
modi has spoken about bdesh, sl, nepal, maldivesnext
hatsoff to this energetic government and mr modi thats what is commitment.raising india.proud to be an indian handle hashtag
handle true and i do not remember modi addressing president of india as his excellency. hashtag
rt handle modi is the biggest showman india has ever had.
last time i was enjoyed coz of sachin innings on this ground and this time modi recreated the magic. hashtag
witnessing a miniindia here modi hashtag hashtag
hashtag pappu bangkoks trip viagra effect seems over after lalitgate debate in parliament. he could bowl few bouncers on modi & bjp.
modi speaking in malayali is the human equivalent of handle. hashtag
handle wow ,such a politeness ,modi ji acknowledged the greatness of king of uae for gifting land for temple hashtag
emoticon poor thing. and did he get seetafel for dessert?
rt handle following modis demand for temple; kejriwal, rahul gandhi, mulayam etc make their own demands to uae govt. find out
hashtag electrifying an understatement to describe atmosphere at dubai cricket ground. a big thank you!rtpm modi url
sheikh whats your favourite game?
and when people say why did modi visit the mosque like a tourist?
in dubai, pm modi sends out strong message against terrorism url pitching for a decisive battle against terrorism, p
rt handle petrol price cut by rs num.num per litre,
handle handle you want people to mock modi on food coz u cant stand people mocking modi on crime n corruption.
rt handle hashtag of hashtag under leadership of pm narendra modi has shown unprecedented results url
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad says congress the congress on sunday accused prime minis url
modi fever grips dubai wherever modi goes the roar follows hashtag
investment of $num lakh crore nd some people still shouting modi ne kuch nhi kia sirf ghumne ke
nagaland had been suffering from insurgency pm hashtag url url
lalit modi to help sahara group; may hasten subrata roys release report url
high highness crown prince came to greet me at the airport with his brothers pm modi hashtag url
burnol should start manufacturing their tubes from rajdeepsagarikas house. they need it every time modi speaks! url
hashtag only pm modi can do what happened in dubai, money can by people but can inject enthusiasm it is a big slap on who hate modi.
modi shames india by attacking previous govts & dishonouring martyrs because he is ashamed to be an indian. url
handle handle anand sharma first u show your dignity in sansad then u talk about modi the lion
sanity than i hv provided
hashtag school children jealous of modi this uncle always on chutti & travelling outside.
handle do the right thing and the world will follow youmodi is the example hashtag
modi has raised indian standards so high that ill probably say india india
mr modidawood was supposedly roaming free in dubaiwhat abt other criminals wantd in india roaming free in dubai hashtag hashtag
others have bae while modi has uae. lol
not bad for country hopping by namo ehh? hashtag url
hashtag watch crowds chant modi, modi as they await his speech url
the points which were previously never even thaught about, is what modi is addressing after num yrs. of independence hashtag
rt handle not a single muslim has objected modis visit to mosque or temple in abu dhabi. its only secular hindus suffering from consti
pm modi response in dubai is a reflection of indias changing global image
we love modi ji one of the great p.m. of india.
when modi talks hashtag hashtag hashtag url
look at the faces of muslims in the stadium how happy they look to hear and see modi.
handle aap will blame lg or modi?
dubai cricket stadium flooded by namos sixers man of match narendra modi
rt handle on pm modis numth aug chhai pe charcha with farmers of dhunela yogend url hashtag handle
rt handle why arent handle handle handle taking sound bite from chota shakeel on modi visit remember they rushed to him after y
rt handle the experts which come on the handle
so is dawood being welcomed by hashtag?
modiji will address diaspora after numrtpm ist
handle and i thought that u needed all thia after listening to modi speech
brilliant by modithis is just phenomenal
there is no good terrorism or bad terrorism ~ modi.
the more congress criticize modi the more truth comes out. truth n congress runs opposite. so hashtag url
num hashtag statement that shook hashtag
rt handle handle last time i heard a chant like modi modi was when i heard in the movie bahubali, bahubali hashtag
and the sheikhs heart skips a bit. url
muslims is australia chanting modi modi
rt handle prime minister narendra modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium in dubai. hashtag url
handle handle without modi no sale abuse or appreciate he is all medias selling giant
handle shri handle , hope you realise that the modi wave in num had a huge antisonia & anticorruption components. hashtag
thousand cheering bharatmata ki jai in the muslim majority uae oh what a feeling
live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
can modi undo the six which miandad hit against chetan sharma in sharjah. hashtag hashtag
i satisfied with the pm narendra modi govt.his speach on independence day was excellent. url
rt handle in num modi ji said he has num inch chest
handle ask num girl in dubai why r u here?she said i am using to watch modi kartoon,now i want to see real kartoon of hashtag
acute shortage of burnol in india after modis dubai speech. request our pm to please get some from uae while coming back! hashtag
url i see a mini india in dubai pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
rt handle pm modi hard statement on terrorism reminds one of george bush saying, youre either with us, or against us.
modi rocking it, without a guitar! hashtag
narendra modi announces that abu dhabis crown prince will invest num.num lakh crore in india
because world must know power of india and how we are growing hashtag url
hashtag modi asked ambaniadani planes to carry numk ppl to dubai from rss shakhaswhy are corporates paying for these rallies
rt handle the modi effect
cant imagine any other leader invoking this much craze! namo rocks! hashtag hashtag
imo modi should visit dubai frequently. hashtag
handle handle joint statement in uae is slap on the face of modi. it quietly condemns godhra and its handling by then cm.
handle burnol chahiye ghatiya aurat
its another mini india they unite from across to stand for one namo. sleep over that who cant stand it hashtag
and i thought modi had handpicked every bureaucrat of any influence in this govt!emoticon url
handle handle attempt to manufacture outrage against modi why army fallin innum trapwont succeedppl trust modi period
in num india will launch num satellites which will be shared to num neighbouring countries of subcontinent, free! hashtag hashtag
handle handle he should ve talked about the fair treatment to them. yet, it was a satisfying trip hashtag
narendra modi when to see a doctor num body pains you should never ignore we all experience occasional aches a url
the ummah is one. url
bangkok blast prime minister narendra modi condemns attack on hindu shrine i strongly condemn url hashtag hashtag hashtag
we started handle. we are asking the world to come and hashtagthere are many opportunities hashtag url
handle handle salaam plz support secular powers but plz not modi
handle handle went off twitter? all ambanicia tv hiding? handle dubai rally a stamp of india in me. china has $, india modi?
i think im the only one not watching modis latest performance. hashtag
rt handle not to ignore that the globalists might be propping up india (for their own ends). handle must keep guard. https
handle modi has peoples mandate. on the other side nawazs elections were controversial. and pakistanis dont give dam about ns.
hashtag lol. factual errors url url
hashtag thundering ovation and speech going on by modi in uae stadium hashtag
handle handle why is modi stuck with retards n hustlers in his cbnt. why is swamy not in cbnt or is modi jealous of swamy?sad
cant wait to get goosebumps when croud says modi modi modi
handle thats namo for world.
if you dont trust me then google pmkvy. its my challenge. nobody before namo even attempted something close.
rt handle cravings satisfied!
more than num,num nonresident indians listen to pm
handle handle why politicians most of them wear masks and cheat people moment one gets power?at least i did not expect modi like this
rt handle pm modi peaceful dialogue is the only solution, even for the biggest of issues
fact is, modi is our last hope.
so used to narendra modi speeches in hindi now. want to hear him in gujarati like earlier days handle
handle namo promises are like babies , easy to make but hard to deliver.
hashtag hashtag feels like a cricketer at num runs not out hashtag reception thanks hashtag
a part of media and sm are trying to divert attention from modi visit spreading rumors on issues, let confirmation come. do not jump gun.
num years amazing theoryupanum ws run by? handle modi ji is doing what upaii cudnt do implement its own programs & schemes.
handle corollary modi should take the blame for scams.
indian prime minister narendra modi is in the united arab emirates on a twoday official url
num,num register for speech at stadium that can seat num,num url
rt handle help stop kerala killing of dogs url
political angle not ruled out
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin url
rt handle handle handle respect to the great leader our pm namo.
did you miss an entry to dubai cricket stadium to watch marhaba namo ? here is the live broadcast of marhaba namo url
handle are you watching pm modi on tv too its trending in dubai too url
rt handle pm hashtag interacts with school children after addressing the nation from the ramparts of red fort on hashtag http
rt handle handle handle after all requests & plea, modi govt. is in inactive, spellbound character. identifying fe
uae support to india against paki terror shows that modidoval doctrine of diplomatically isolating pakistan is working well. hashtag
modi in dubai cultural performances started with indian traditional dance url
rt handle east or west, namo is the best hashtag
happy journey handle and welcome back url
rt handle modi criticising previous govt on foreign soil may not suit cong but it does suit india; building indias image at the cost o
etp pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple there are nearly num.num million indians in uae. a url
best outcome of pm modi uae visit arnab found no cause to yell & scream,get outraged,go ballistic. india will sleep more peacefully tonight
rt handle no, it just takes good security at the venue. the sheikhs know where the money is. url
modi ji is big showman for which indians waited a long time after inderaji
handle ya today is modi mania again this man is a magnet hashtag
rofl wait give some time to breathe url
i am seeing a miniindia before me right here in hashtag, says pm modi. hashtag hashtag hashtag
the reason libtards cringe is they feel modi should crawl in front of the sheikh, where crawling is = iftar + tope + pray + oxford english
rt handle handle handle uae announcing land for a hindu temple proves that modi is a communal leader.
rt handle the only cric stadium that will be remembered for namos innings hashtag hashtag url
rt handle yet another modi speech & yet another outbreak of orgasmic delirium on twitter. meanwhile
rt handle congratulations channel times now for live coverage our pm modi in dubai hashtag
handle handle in num, namo wooed kerala syrian x, bjp got num of x vote, num of m vote, numsc, num obc, num fc vote
handle in fact, he goaded his captive window interlocutor maroof to wow wow modis uae visit
speak in parliament feku not where ppl cant ask questions url
heres the background to why uae has gone out of its way to be nice. good catch by mea and modi. url
handle i saw speech, you are not just modifying india, you are redefining the world to be a best place to live in! we are with you.
mediaone tv will discuss the visit of prime minister narendra modi to uae @ num tonight. me too will be there. watch, welcome.
handle state which gives max no of buruecrats n soldiers still remains backward get modi at bihar n see d difference
rt handle hashtag hashtag are all watching modis speech with huge stocks of burnols at their places. systematic demolition
rt handle seculars & adarsh liberals reaction after narendra modi ji visited sheikh zayed mosque in dubai
handle handle hashtag very much worried hashtag handle is a no nonsense leader
to give land for temple to hashtag uae showed their position about holy islam, how safe it is on hashtag
no bodyno bodytrolls better than namo handle ji gurujishat shat naman hashtag
rt handle num;;all oppositions,congis,media also know the ability of modi govt that certainly will keep their url cr
we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives modi hashtag
rt handle this modi website for dubai mentions his degree which he removed, spreads lies & calls him poet.
shes asking y burnol stocks have ended today, very badly needed today url
handle oh wow wat a grt time modi ji havingi mean we r havingthanku uae
slow, steady, and sensible modis new approach to reviving indias banks quartz url
handle handle bharat mata ki jai is consistently that pm namo does all over; we have seen first time like this in our generations;
handle handle handle just hear the speech. its disgusting to hear that no pm contributed to indias progress but only modi
street goon sardesai cant distract d fun
modi urges the crowd to give a standing ovation to crown prince for allotting land to temple crowd just hysterical
rt handle assam cm tarun gogoi seeks clarification from pm narendra modi on naga accord economic times url hashtag
rt handle it never disappoints being a modi bhakt emoticon
handle mil chukka hai unakohe gave weapon to say if they can hold thaali why cant modi wear skullcap url
handle modi is successful wat do you think?
handle quoting ab u should remember he wrapped around as pride & regarding namo, a tricolor without chakra is not nation flag
i added a video to a handle playlist url pm modi address indian diaspora in dubai cricket stadium
hashtag after swachh bharat, modi govt. to launch accesible india to help differently abled people handle url
num.numlakh crore? lol dafuq is that amount url
rt handle modi govt has failed to revive the economy, despite sharp fall in oilgold prices & good monsoon . ~ handle url
handle handle all of you witnessed the failure of congress for num years patiently. cant you wait a few months for modi
handle handle handle the charisma that our narendra modi enjoys is akin to that a us president !
those thinly veiled barbs hashtagive got some learning to do. akalmand ko ishara hi kaafi hai uuff!
rt handle pm shri handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi url hashtag url
pm modi speech in dubai tv debaters envy,indians pride.
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai
rt handle pm,modi met the indian labourers in abu dhabi
rt handle tsunami at maharban namo lots of ppl r waiting outside in queue n waiting to get the seats. hashtag httpemoticon
rt handle data mining assignment who was the last person on record to say there is no modi wave? num marks.
probably he had a wild dream. says nums sent by flight just for that purpose as if it is for hashtag url
watch live on times now modi madison in uaeurl url
so is dawood being welcomed
persona of modi is become so huge and bigger whichleads to two conclusions either we will be at the verge of next superpowernum
narendra modi clears hashtag terrorism stand in uae joint statement url hashtag url
hashtag uae has been well thought through and chosen as the first destination for modis visit in the arab world maroof raza
rt handle dont let hatred for modi overcome you to an extent that it transforms into hatred for india
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium.
handle handle handle how much more shallow can adarshlibs go to trivialise namo? mms was not even a shadow of namo
. handle please add a modi speech category to your notifications. so i can turn it off
get free hashtag freex modi hashtag and many hashtag videos hashtag url url
modi never visited any mosque in india last several yrs but will visit the grand mosque at abu dhabi. dollars!
sachin chanting overcome by namo wave at hashtag hashtag
watch how hashtag handle handle handle handle handle handle url
handle you are true because of modi it happned
east or west, namo is the best hashtag
rt handle thank you so much ~ handle
if you ever wanted to block a load of people. num of them url
handle she is not a sanghi, she is actually advising modi to visit gyanvapi mosque in varanasi.
modi in uae, what a gathering. taking india global. hashtag
handle handle handle yes, only pm modi ji can do this, comment on goodbad terrorism in a muslim country, direct heat to paki
hashtag excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag
handle no indian primeminister on an overseas visit has ever created such attention for india as pm modi has done since assuming office.
thank you now come back url
when a new species presenting on display gather out of curiosity. next time if he revisit only hired crowd will be. url
hashtag narendra modi is stirring popular feeling in dubai great job at reviving indian pride
rt handle falling more in love with modimodimodi
lets talk facts wat s d amount of investments that india has got frm over num nation numo odd day foreign visit of modi hashtag
rt handle modi thrilled that crown prince received him. indiraji was received by the king himself shows the class and status of
this is unbelievable. url
the tallest building in the world burj khalifa, dubai to be lit in colour of indian flag tringaa. feeling proud. namo url
rt handle pm hashtag addresses indian community in uae on his official visit woes to work for uplift of expats indians url
rt handle entire dubai cheered when num lok sabha elections results were announced pm modi in uae
handle is right. handle
rt handle marketing url
modi holds talks with dubai ruler kuwait nris pulse of india url
no comments from handle about modis uae visit on her tl yet
why are converts more fanatical than originals as an eminent author of indian origin also pointed out years ago? url
rt handle but can modi score a century against australia at sharjah?
rt handle prepping for namo visit to hashtag now uae is done? mt handle indian hashtag community celebrates hashtagday htt
lolmy father says all image of modi gone down in last num months is brought up by todays bhaasan
i can undertand your hatred for modi maybe your ngo got blacklisted destroying ur steady income emoticon handle handle
rt handle indian pm hashtag to focus on make in india campaign in numday hashtag visit
modi asks indians in the stadium to give a standing ovation to crown prince, crowd oblige handle
url nripress congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments url hashtag hashtag
can be an unprecedented economic & soc
why hashtag beating his chest on helping hashtag what india did was not any mercy this joker killing all good deed hashtag
rt handle hashtag the indian community in dubai says marhaba (welcome) namo with a grand welcome hashtag
rt handle swacch bharat failed by muncipal corps in delhi,. url
hashtag what a speech goosebumps all hail modi
rt handle pm isnt a leader to be debated. modi is on the post on the pleasure of bjp parliamentary party. url
rt handle that awkward moment when namo will get oscar before leo! hashtag
it was an amazing moment emoticon url
nobody can beat modi in marketing india nobody in the world may have done such a job in num months. but ground reality in india same
full text of former service chiefs letter to pm modi on oropten former service chiefs have written an open letter to prime ministe toi
numst time in history, tallest building in the world burjkhalifa dubai to be lighting in color of indian.thanks namo. url
at cronies n now state costs url
in num handle brought desert storm in sharjah. today n modi also dealing in only fourssixes in dubai cricket stadium.
handle handle handle modi sir plz stop to asking these. kuch ni hone wala. hashtag
modi ji babri masjid banwado ab in good gesture
hashtag shud speak in hashtag cing d no of hashtag in hashtag
handle just like gujarat was all celebratory when hashtag was hashtag, i see indians believing more in themselves withhashtag as hashtag!absolutely
watching our prideour pm sri.narendra modis speech live from dubai feeling proud
he is so irritating annoying
after indias num odi matches, time to num modi speech. hashtag
handle india is progressing becoz of numcr indians, not becoz of modi
i am eagerly waiting for modi haters to call this pic from dubai as photo shopped or as paid crowd url
handle i still believe modi should have his hearts with the fauji bhais but he should prove by sanctioning addnl num num crores
hashtag say pm modi is doing hashtag diplomacy in uae but he is bringing back num.num lakh crores investment to url
hashtag pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment hashtag
pm has a special meeting with hashtag from hashtag.
pm hashtag people from all over the world visit dubai and today i am seeing a miniindia here hashtag
everyone knows that these are num gujjus who were flown to dubai just to chant modi modi url
rt handle hashtag hashtag
handle handle leave rana wondering what mms and raga wud b thnkng such chants of modi modi mera number kab aaega
kudos hashtag, a masterstroke played by handle. nobody ever thought about uae in past num years and modi played it at best.
handle see so many muslims chanting modi modi
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
rt handle will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents congress to modi
ndtv show watching narendra modi
yes, especially the blue umbrella url
rt handle when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi
goodbye uae. pm narendra modi leaves for delhi after a pathbreaking visit url
modi just proved (once again),
hashtag welcome handle ! hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now] url
handle grnum to see such a crowd for pm modi in uae
it seems r madhav is the event organiser for namo hashtag
rt handle there is going to be huge burnol shortage in india as namo is there emoticon hashtag handle handle handle
pm modi says india to launch satellite for saarc nations next year hashtag
rt handle i am totally ok with others in my party wearing skull cap but modi shouldnt because i am a hashtag. hashtag
crowds going crazy why aint try they showing it on indian channels handle handle handle hashtag url
rt handle interesting if true handle modi narrows down repub. day chief guest choice to cameron, lofven, hollande url
rt handle just like hed wished that twitter support would reflect ground reality during ls election. url
handle handle we thought being a son of a tea vendor with humility, modi would serve the country selflessly but he has cheated us
nobody can beat narendra modi on popularity in the world right now.
handle bhai listen modi speech handle not able num stand n speak energetically num num.num hours not able num give boost num indian
hashtag today modi visit to dubai and its grand mosque is an outreach to indian muslims with an eye on bihar elections. what a joke
parallel universe mr. modi does everything adarsh liberals expect him to do.
respect for good gesture. url
handle satan must be very pleased to see his son modi wandering unrestrained in arabia
modi woos uae with $num trillion investments nagpur today nagpur newsnational. pm modi said his gover url hashtag
if theres one thing modi can do right is deliver a damn good speech. just hope num years down the line this still works.
whatever it is. modi ji is bold and a right pm. thankyousomuch handle
trust on modi to hit a homerun everytine he sets foot on foreign soil hashtag
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring
rt handle pm modi greets people of kerala.
modi kept ne states in the dark about details of nscn peace agreement. and he is speaking about it in dubai
rt handle bakuda, sona na bhaav down che, mari mate ek chain kharidi le
modis speech is like a tnum match instant kick, mass appeal, paisa (time) vasool & last but not the least cheerleaders
rt handle inexcusable hypocrisy u.s. is poised to oppose freeing guantnamo hunger striker url
handle hashtag congress is jealousyou maynt have namo but you have raga why dont u develop himhandle handle
rt handle first groups of people to arrive for indian pm handle event in dubai. chanting modi modi hashtag url
handle < modijee is drawing huge crowd in dubai he is great in his speeches & media relations. url handle
modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board url url
hashtag hope you got answer why namo went to uae handle
rt handle my modi supporters friends over whatsapp have now sorely been reduced to jumlas poor chaps have to defend his illgovernanc
handle logic applies for all party supporters. supporter is a broad word, though. i may not support everything modi does but most of it.
handle sir i think u r in your own antimodi dreams. no handle is showing empty stadium. god bless your hatred
handle handle modi had given signal to army men also modi a fraud
rt handle those who indulge in terror must be punished pm hashtag url url
handle modi must be thinking why islam is so different in uae as compared to porkis and indian belivers.
in a first, modi visits labour camp of indian workers in abu dhabi (watch video)
liberals sicklers hashtag hashtag hashtag are having chest pain
rt handle breaking modi wins kerala assembly. hashtag
rt handle pm modi expresses joy over the joint statement between india and the uae says it will foster ties in times to come
i guess we are told bck in india that modi is being hated by a certain community. the pic says otherwise hashtag url
madhuri dixit is watching modis speech but instead of modi! modi!, all she hears is mohini! mohini! mohini!
modi pissing off united nations
pm modi will set up counseling camp from time to time wherever indians live
rt handle narendra modi we must be number num in startups url via handle hashtag hashtag
handle handle kyo ki videsh ke logo me sahi aur galt ki tamiz he.thts y they value n respect modi and not the shiiiittt kejru
handle mam listen to modi for now. you wont be disappointed.
told huge gathering outside stadium
url pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi
there are people who dont like modi because he speaks hindi. url
did hashtag got to dubai? heres another chance for him to get the taste of his own medicine. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle modi has already won the world you just seeing it in kerala .
rt handle today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nations treasu
rt handle sheik telling modi, next time use indias national airline emirates
huge contingent of muslims supporting namo is burnol moment for siculars hashtag
since an indian premier has come after so long, indians here have the right to express rtnarendra modi
all underworld leave dubai to avoid any bollywood type of scene, getting bundled into his flight.
rt handle modi haters are suffocating. all their escape routes are closing in on them
so many schemes and services ! i support hashtag
clear proof that he wants to saffronize whole world.num
govt of india has launched an emigrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi hashtag url via an
coz he says we should only hashtag
handle modi forgot to mention hamid gul godfather of taliban and jihadthousand cuts to india.
handle shet strike num ive never been good w birthdates whyy huhuhuhu plus finals wk namo mommyyy sorryyyy
when that band was serving as opening act for modi, i thought pm would come out slinging a guitar, devils horns and all. hashtag
rt handle it had become fashionable to make laws and keep courts busy modi
next time vote for hashtag , this is a good lesson for all the brave veterans who voted for modi in num hashtag
handle sir tusi great ho eachnevery disputedifference resolved through ultimate talk on table.modi alwsys url
modi fills more seats in a dubai stadium than pakistan playing their home games round the year.
yes a case study for everyone
rt handle what modi said about rajdeep hashtag url
rt handle if d news on national herald is true.n handle is being sabotaged by handle.tym nt only num stop modi govt but num
modi is worst creature i have seen in quite some time, sounds like nazis and bush.
why did a state head have to state that his nation helped its neighboursgrotesque patriotism hashtag
rt handle good to see modi link communalism with terrorism. sadly there is an irony here but nonetheless good acknowledgment. https
rt handle how many ppl who attended hashtag or hashtag invest in india till dare? probably none. handle url
change is the only constant thing
bjpsingle hero movieor you can say villain alsomodi ji
there is a narendra modi official app and its trending on the app store. this guy thinks highly of himself but this is pushing it. hashtag
weve got num problems other than foreign tours.
listening to pm modis address to indian diaspora at dubai stadium in uae. feeling proud to choose a charismatic leader to lead india.
latest indias modi visits united arab emirates dw news url
hashtag appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi url hashtag hashtag
no such thing as good taliban, bad taliban. this wont work now namo that too in uae soil
rt handle extremely grateful to crown prince of abu dhabi, emirates and uae rulers, should every indian thank him? pm modi url
what mr.modi would write in high school essay agar mai pradhan mantri hota hashtag
handle handle amazing namo effectalmost surreal !
great magician of india url
here it goes hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle handle well come to hashtag and we wish you all the best hashtag hashtag
rt handle dubai celebrated when lok sabha poll results were declared pm hashtag
handle that means modi given another hashtag to the countrymens
congress slams pm narendra modi for targeting previous govts on foreign soil economic times url
hashtag cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill by via the economic times url
very great news now burj khalifa also welcome and honour pm modi ji hashtag url
better than comedy central url
now that hashtag is trendingi dont want lalit modi to claim that he was in dubai toomeeting some auntie and unclelol. handle
handle narendra modi speaks his heart out. his vision is possible only if we support him in strength.
modi ji just hit a century in one over in dubai stadiumlol opposition back in dressing room handle
rt handle modi thinks he can fool the sheikhs with big talk, but the sheikhs know well how to deal with fekus. hashtag
if you remove ur blinders mayb u cud see too handle url
sanctioned numcr to start
rt handle crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url
a peoples prime minister should and is always welcomed like this
handle ha ha ha handle burnol moment for all aaptards. lol num indian gathered to welcome pm modi. emoticon hashtag
handle during modis speech url
modi in dubai long, hot wait for those headed to marhaba namo emirates num url hashtag
handle handle arnab & rahul shivsahanker , hidden rss moles r defending namo when he abuses d past pms! atal is also thr!
live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle handle handle
rt handle no more use of dubai as a base by terrorists like dawood. pm modi incredible.
why hashtag hashtag failed to inspire india handle url
narendra modi usurping handle famed barritone hashtag
modi sure knows how to win hearts of indians living overseas.
chants of modi modi all over! just an incredible atmosphere! hashtag
rt handle word cloud for modi speech in et. self evident. but i draw your attention to pahunchana. delivery. the key word. http
narendra modi in congress ofji no match to face.
handle modi yet to reach stadium. cultural function is on. watching live on news nation.
pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
rt handle our deepest condolences with modi haters in these difficult times hashtag url
funny scene while veterans are sitting on fast waiting for modi to return after his honeymoon with uae. url
uae smart city masdar inspires pm modi to say science is life url via handle
in last modi will say and yeah one more thing mitro, rajnikant rocks hashtag hashtag
rt handle overwhelming cheer and support from the crowd. hashtag chants followed with louder cheers for hashtag. hashtag
oh wow what a grt time modi ji is havingi mean we r havingjai ho.vande matram
handle we all thankful to modi ji that he has talked to uae gov for build the temple in abu dhabi
didnt modi say something on these lines when he visited north east india? url
you can luv me or you can hate me but you cannot ignore me modi to rest of world url
rt handle incredible atmosphere. packed stadium. less than num hour to go before modi speech.beautiful indian culture on display http
proof num.numlaks investment guaranty in make in india url
rt handle handle another story.$num=num rs,pak china wil be scared,lion modi.lahore le aayene,modi wil get numpak soldiers head agianst o
if pak prime minster does same in country every one will criticise that he ruined cricket stadium url
cannot believe. its news hour time and arnab is actually allowing modi to speak. hashtag
go to ftii or national school of drama url
brilliant speech by modi! the right amount of anger against terrorism, the right amount of pride towards india. tooooo good! hashtag
just in pm modi ji will reach in num mins from now hashtag
rt handle ahem gini dearits lion url
but here will u enjoy no skull capno head coveringselfie)) url
modi has spoken more powerfully in the last num mins, than manmohan singh, sonia & rahul gandhi have even tried in url
handle hope ur planning to leave india. handle pls take care. she must b feeling very uneasy url
pmhashtag great speech proud to have a leader like you unpredictable energy
mohanji at hashtag today. url
rt handle so after more than a year presstitutes have understood that modi should be addressed as pm modi.
handle ok sir, fair enuf, but then trust modi
just for ur hint do u know nationality of raja ki rani )) hashtag url
ha ha epic trolling by modi hashtag
it took num years for an indian pm to come to uae, says modi
a very nice n powerful speech by our num & only pm namo. hashtag
there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi hashtag hashtag
the way twitter campaign of modis uae trip is being covered is extremely commendable. meanwhile, we continue to beg for youtube.
handle huge contingent of muslims supporting namo is burnol moment for siculars hashtag
rt handle oh god even a temple and its land is a modi jumla at least spare god hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag h
rt handle no electricity for modi speech, same happened during his swearingin ceremony. {} hashtag
this is called namo effect pressitutes may have to look for science dictionary for the meaning url
rt handle .handle looking at modi, i wonder if manmohan singh ever wonders where did he go wrong? why was he listening to others idio
handle bollywood stars fails ahead modi ji. a real rockstar prime minister.
modi thrilled that crown prince received him. indiraji was received by the king himself shows the class and status of indias pms hashtag
handle handle in spite of assurance by modi ji blackmail tactics by some disgruntled aap supporters url
modi speaking at dadar station during peak hours
rt handle malayalees get special mention in pm modi speech. and he speaks a sentence of greetings in malayalam cc handle hashtag
rt handle those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi url
so the dubai international stadium has till date hosted num odi & now hosted the first modi! hashtag hashtag
these idiots still able to find supporters
handle modi shud resign & order mid term poll.he has forfeited his mandate after uturn on orop & many other demands.
live form dubai watching narendra modi
crowd swell to attend narendra modis speech at the dubai.
watch live url pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium hashtag
rt handle namo told there is no good taliban bad taliban .good terrorism ,bad terrorism
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handlehashtag ji we are very hopeful fr ur tour
handle modi is batting like master blaster
mr. modi u r viditing countries only to get some publicity. this kind of visits by the pm of a great nation like india is disgracing.
rt handle hi hashtag this man is so communal; he is praise num modi; in future u dont go to gulf hashtag hashtag url
pm modi urges uae to invest in india bbc newsq url
narendra modi seeks $num trillion in investments from uae url
to power for another num years.total generation will be ruined. dont be soft on corrupt congress.send this msg to namo thanx. handle
rt handle we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm hashtag url
hashtag modi is roaring at dubai stadium m sure by the time he will leave dubai, dubai will be mesmerized by modi
thanks modi ji. we wish you happy onam greetings in advance url
you are either with terrorism or against terrorism namo just paraphrased george bush hashtag
hashtag modi is a fusion of charisma & commitment
hashtag narendra modi one of the &hashtag;most viewed ceos&hashtag; in india linkedin august num, num at numrtnumpm url
all about masdar, the solarpowered planned city visited by pm modi in uae url handle url
while num people died in bangkok, the whole shebang of marhaba namo is being blasted across the indian channels. indian media sucks and how
on hashtag india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investments url get leads > url
rt handle handle true! my course group getting agitated! all sorts of rumours floating in whatsapp defence groups! modi bashing n
handle handle handle but i guess tht was frm an individual. .just see if govt has given lndor same land modi taking credit
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation pm modi
handle every modi visit is preceded by a bjp events team which lays the groundwork. not suggesting he doesnt strike a chord, though
does anyone have a bigger fan following than modi hashtag
the trip is wasted if u dont try something new url
rt handle *num.num lakh crores investment for india
rt handle num people present to listen modi hashtag
modi, modi chantings in full swing in dubai leading to burnol sales in full swing in delhi. hashtag
no one can beat modi in speechhashtag hashtag namo dubai hashtag to b an indian url
i will save pakistan from modi n rss rahul gandhi
rt handle modi will make a difference.
modi will have the best innings recorded this cricket stadium and it will be difficult to break hashtag
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment url hashtag
hashtag got num,num crowd in dubai too num minutes silence for people calling paid crowd or media driven popularity
hashtag our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbouring countries pm modi
handle handle plz tell modi to build one for us watch his videos hows he suppressed godra case
rt handle crownprince of handle has decided to invest num.num lacs crore rupee in hashtag. lets welcome this initiative of crownprinc
okay modi, you dont need to explain your entire foreign policy.
has modi forgotten that there is no election due in dubai?
rt handle cringe o you sickularists, hang your heads in shame, hide your faces! feel the envy at yet another hashtag rock show in dub
you mean great revolution free india has seen in modi. we pardon your vocabulary. hashtag url
even the sheikhs are cheering for modi lol not sure of their context.
well said modi ji. not seen this enthusiasm for a political leader before. hashtag url
no muslim in dubai offered topi to modi, indian muslims needs to understand reality. handle handle handle handle
pm modi to announce special package for bihar? havent heard anything, says nitish url
watched & listened to the whole speed hashtag delivered at hashtag cricket stadium. i really admire hashtag but felt todays speech was below par.
rt handle no one knows modi outside gujarat remember that mulayam singh
why did pm modi feel ashamed in uae?
rt handle dubai madness for a politician ! wow !
handle check thisa foreign nation welcoming modi ji url
mr. narendra modi is a classical example of communication genius.
hashtag modi the biggest showman. the biggest statesman.
handle why to narendra modi
feeling happy & proud by watching my brothers & sisters living in uae. new milestone in india and uae relationship. marhaba namo. hashtag
handle bcoz only paper work was done back than by congressbut now real work ll be done by modi govt.
rt handle our generation has heard about various political revolutions but never witnessed one. hashtag has fulfilled that desire. l
rt handle modi playing team india card to the hilt!
since modi has assumed office, bharatwasi has got a new meaning.
modi once again proving gujaratis are born mba. goes to a foreign country, gets money from them, bitches about their friend and comes back.
potential, says hashtag in hashtag
modi in dubai live stadium nearly full; people still pouring in url
url rt numherebel mediacrooks ndtv timesnow indiatoday if arabs can hold thali why cant modi hold topi?
made in india? all we need now is modi in india. rtb
handle hey aaditi, wassup?, watching namos speech?, how have you been?
the dubai stadium has hosted num odis and num modi.
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modis speech prime minister narendra modi today addressed num,num strong indi
two opposite faces of modi saheb
after burning and labeling pakistan as a supporter of terrorism,modi trying to avail opportunities in the arab world
rt handle when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm
have you earn this pride? ?
at the dubai cricket stadium, wat a great personality.
they will never understand that he is uniting indians all over the world l
modi haters getting pettier and punier each passing day. stuck in the same tired, old, myopic arguments that held us back for decades.
hashtag dose who hate modi r most unfortunate ppl,he is d best howsoever u crib,u ppl remind me of dhobi of ayodhya in ramayan
rt handle handle this photoshopped pic doing rounds of defence groups as todays headline wrt modi url
hashtag i dont hav problem with modi on foreign tour the problem is live coverage of boring expat cultural programs each time
dont know modi have muslim support or bori muslim s support. hashtag
namo is fearless. he has talked everything in great detail. he is speaking his heart out. handle handle handle
is there any limit to his nonsense hashtag url
hashtag congress leaders are going in depression with each chant of modi modi in uae attention all hospitals get ready
modi visit india uae to crack down on terrorism radicalisation in a move signalling their growing closeness, url
live watch pm modi in uae pm modi wishes keralites happy new year in malayam prime minister narendra mod url
uae crown prince pledges an investment of $num bn into india!
modis n bjps elecx appeal to nris in num vote,support,elect modiji n num rock shows(overseas) in an yearfree free free. hashtag
handle handle handle better be modi bhakt than anti national morons like u
hashtag ji ye kya krwa diya aapne emoticon you r nt seasonal trend yu r brand of numcr ppl
handle assalam alikum youre decision is wrong you tolled to narendra modi your government will provide land for tample you thik that is
and modi govt min is saying ppl living in border area r now more secure
yes , they have made some remarks which hurted a lot url
rt handle modi declares the promise of hashtag from the emirates of num,num crore in india
rt handle instead of allah o akbar,muslims are shouting modimodiinside mosque.
not many matches of pakistan have attracted this much entertainment ever before narendra modi speech.the crowd will do bzzirk with his name
uae allots land for temple in abu dhabi
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle stadium of dubai fully packed for modi.
url another very disturbing aspect of the rw and some of modis ministers is the scant concern to environment.
rt handle hashtag agriculture ministry will now be known as kisan kalyan mantralaya (ministry of agriculture and farmer welfare) pm
what happened on aug num on jm, dumb founded, never imagined, esms ashamed mr. modi! ?
handle yes more than num,num people r listing and watching mr. modi in uaehuge crowd! modi leher
handle yes bcos all the biharis will support modi just bcos he has gone to dubai , pls shut up will you
.handle coming from modi i worry its more rhetoric with little to back it up.
rt handle handle handle it seems you will become irrelevant for any news channel you go if modi starts supportin
rt handle burn adarsh liberals burn url
dubai cricket stadium is echoing with cry for our beloved pm. modi modi modi modi
rt handle germany to return stolen statues to handle in october. yay
met pm narendra modi today. it was great meeting him. im happy that he likes my painting. handle hashtag url
retweeted ramesh srivats (handle)
handle handle hazard has more goals from open play, than the number of times modi makes sense
bhai was expecting modi like welcome from nris url
rt handle modi may have lost the oped pages but his popularity among voters remains high num out of num approve of his job as pm. url
url abpnewstv india is victim of terror bcoz india hasnt unfortunately got any brave pm post narsimaha rao. modi is
rt handle pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
handle modi have not gone like ur pop to beg chandahe has gone for hashtag
rt handle pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see miniindia in dubai it is said that indians deprived of opportunities in in
rt handle private channels arent allowed on foreign trips and dd news has access to the kitchen where modis url
rt handle modi has just rubbed some mirchi into pak hashtag hashtag
how universe have spit on their faces! url
hashtag handle modi never said congress or bjp pms. he said it took numyrs for pm to visit and he got it in legacy.
he didnt arrive when the anthem was on. he was there standing for both uae and india anthems. hashtag url
rt handle in one dinner, modi make these jihadist eat pure veg! imagine what will happen if namo shift there and eat with them for re
proof of modi magic url
hashtag portal madad(help) launched at ministry of external affairs or mea headquarters in delhi.pm modi mentions handle
rt handle why modis big bang skill india campaign wont solve the countrys unemployment problem url url
rt handle pm modi good hashtag bad taliban wont work. are you with terrorism or without hashtag?
rt handle modi ji is numst pm to visit uae.
rt handle list of u turns taken by modi sarkaar till date hashtag url
rt handle modi and the muslim worldhow pms uae visit breaks the religious stereotype. my column url
when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india
url rt sanjaykaul he is not the event manager tom, he is the event. url
that is what we are saying since initial election rallies of namo in num hashtag url
pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium. track live updates here url
pm modi condemns bomb blast outside lord brahma temple in bangkok url
rt handle they may like namo as the progressive dynamic leader of the worlds oldest civilization & a growing behemoth.
modi bans all overseas honeymoon trips.
rt handle dear modi ji,
dear handle, you do see where you went wrong? no? okay url
pm modi urges uae to invest in india url
rt handle hashtag is now trolling pressitutes n liberals b getting public to thank crown prince for temple modi teri lathi mein
all, this itself shows how soft is congress. if bjp, it wud be daily parliament logjam for this reason and rallies?
handle dear modi sir please stop making foolish dicision like banning porn.their are many other serious problems to focus on
rt handle though im a modi supporter i agree with you))) url
modi is doing his duty perfectly.
handle hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag pm inks historic deal to bring dubais desert safari on bengaluru roads url
somenum remind modi he is pm & not foreign affair minister
hashtag modi.sir when the poverity remove in india?
rt handle handle the chips r down for namo domestically, wat better way to shine than to appear secular in a muslim land
rt handle i am looking forward to honesty certificate by modi govt to robert vadra. why take panga becoz someday his son will become pm
handle if modi ji really wanted to praise kerala, he shouldve told that mohan lal was better in drishyam than ajay devgn hashtag
but what will be said by those who know the facts about india.
hashtag pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi on url hashtag hashtag
rt handle congress slams modi for targeting previous govts on foreignsoil url url
sushma to visit egypt germany in august close on the heels of prime minister narendra modis ongoing visit to url
handle my greatest leader ever. namo
hashtag offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to hashtag url via handle url
handle whats the point of mr.modi taking a dig at congress in foreign soil, he is representing a nation not a party
handle handle i am askinghis views. i know very well what indian muslims think about modi.
rt handle handle handle doctor sir, is there not mosque in india for modi to bow, all the way going to uae to do
rt handle modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in url
rt handle handle handle more than ndtv we should ask this to manishanker aiyer and handle who called modi a regiona
modi in dubai num quotes from pms speech url
rt handle dear handle, you do see where you went wrong? no? okay url
standby for pm hashtag address; hashtag, the traditional martial arts of hashtag showcased
handle handle handle handle handle handle bomb attack is against modi visit to uae. isi hand may be
every one loves modi hashtag url
handle the world chants modi.
ndtv those who need to, will today understand our message on terror, says pm modi in d url url
num.;now peoples expectations from modi govt has reached all time high.every one expects from modi govt.to do some miracle.
nlcpraveen url rt rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
look at the crowd url
is modi planning something worldwide
babool the paste of india
the uae trip is not complete until modi buys some khajoor from deira.
rt handle heard one of the few congressmen left that modis visit to uae would be considered futile if he cant bring back dawood & tige
rt handle muslims is dubai chanting modi modi because there is no hashtag leader and hashtag handle in uae to poison there mind fo
modi seduces audiences with money figures kitnaaa () itnnnnaaa. hashtag hashtag
can we appeal to sc for hashtag of modi ? handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
handle we have defined the border with bangladesh for the first time since independence pm modi url
narendra modi is one of the greatest indian leaders of all time. i have the utmost respect for him.
rt handle there are num flights between hashtag & hashtag but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi url
handle sometimes when the time passes after that we realise that we were witnessing history. so cherish each day under modi emoticon
good decision. it will be helpful. handle handle
rt handle congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url
handle well said taufil sir.thats modi strength.
rt handle handle who said india did not get anything from modi ? entertainment entertainment & entertainment handle handle
rt handle masjid mein log modimodi ke naare laga rahe hainwhat could be more communal than thatfascist uae peoplertd
i am not patriotic enough to listen narendra modis speech.
we sent drinking water to maldives through flights pm hashtag url url
modi hater handle left in between of modis speech. sickular handle
live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora recreate madison squarelike event for modi speech url via handle handle
handle i read a tweet like once a modi fan always a modi fan
rt handle modi hashtag hashtag hashtag now talking about mobile councilling for workers . url
modi modi modi screams do to adarshliberal ears what allah uh akbar screams from a man with a bomb charging at you would do to you
hashtag hashtag. watching narendra modi at versova, mumbai url
hashtag num strong voice num claps and namo chant
brother country uae showing much love to india. those houbara bustard hunting licences didnt serve their purpose. url
modi g , most of steps taken by you are laudable but farmers in country are in stress , they are not paid for their crops overdue num days!
rt handle pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is not some grand gesture to muslims, by handle url url
wot bout blast in bankok ?
again poor modi publicity stunt land given in num for temple see times of india what he want to gain just poor publicity stunt shame
bohras lovely to see them. url
all political parties in hashtag must be running scared after hashtag master stroke by hashtag
an hashtag hashtag as that of handle does!mobilise num.numbn hashtag fr nationhashtag !hashtag hashtag url
pm modi has mercilessly trolled & attacked pakistan without naming pak even once in his speech.epic!
handle both d government visited forein trips d diff. is rahul num holiday n modi fr india
rt handle if there is a problem in india, indians in dubai cant sleep in peace narendra modi hashtag
rt handle hey seculars you cried for namo skipping an iftaar party( though he was at work) .he visited a mosque . any complaints now ?
lolollol eat , you url
to avoid a tahrir square, modi needs to deliver url
hashtag india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investment the united arab url url
its a matter of great sadness that its not called mysuru pak handle url
now traders those who have invested in vested interest want return wht u will do nowhashtag ? url
hashtag y is modi narrating his achievements in foreign soil? to ward of declining popularity in india?aimed at domestic consumption?
handle handle ib giving warning to modi not to visit foreign countries withou invitation
shared from google news & weather
unreal analysis owaisi cannot crack bjp votes. he will teardown only muslim votes of jdu & rjd. he is vs nitish url
rt handle handle is it congress flays modi or ndtv flays modi. anyway both are & mean the same
pm modi was on fire tonight; mesmerizing oratory,straight talk on terror, social schemes & foreign policy hashtag hashtag
watch hashtag hashtag here url hashtag hashtag
rtgandagi mat karon !
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium is about to start, do watch hashtag url
handle handle hegde the more u spam twitter on modi, the more u expose urselfget urself some work which wil keep u busy
well modi ji is a hercules not a hero.
modi will make a mincemeat of him url
rt handle shitty article i read till date. & only fp can post this shit
rt handle handle handle handle you guys are thinking of ordinary overseas indians. think she is talking abou
modi emerging as a world leader in the fight against terrorism. hashtag
who moved the falafel? narendra modis arabian adventure comes with a gujarati firstpost url
previous govts used to send foreign
modi shud restore num mosque n tombs including tomb of wali decani gujrati n ustad fayyaz khan, he desecrtd handle handle
next time twitter support team will be ready with more servers to handle a load when modi will speak hashtag
hashtag hashtag modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential modi, who later travelled to dubai url
handle you became modi fan?
handle last time i heard a chant like modi modi was when i heard in the movie bahubali, bahubali hashtag
rt handle hashtag got num,num crowd in dubai too num minutes silence for people calling paid crowd or media driven popularity
rt handle yet again url
rt handle hashtag works to num for india while hashtag wd run to bangkok or some undisclosed hushhush location to save i
pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is not some grand gesture to muslims firstpost url
uae raises gold import duty issue with india during pm modis visit url
day ended on a bad note
india today live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi url
and they wont understand hashtag url
rt handle hi again handle ,please do not tell me that they are asking modi to wear skull cap! hashtag hashtag http
handle handle yes no body can stop india from electing modi again so why just target muslims for voting handle and hashtag
definition of terrorism at the un is long pending with the un narendra modi
atleast kuchh to achha kiya modi ji ne
rt handle modi thrilled that crown prince received him. indiraji was received by the king himself shows the class and status of modi
those who know abu dhabi would know how big a step it is to provide land for an indian temple to be set up here pm modi hashtag
handle explanation tough for those who think people voted modi to power because he promised num lakh. maybe u vote that way,not others
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle how long officials hide these cease fire violations since
handle doesnt the uae political establishment know that modi has been demonising muslims on a daily basis, r arab sheikhs asleep?
modi is the new age leader and rest is old age leader. hashtag
look who turned to be a hashtag fan handle lol url
i wish someone would tell mr modi the effectiveness of soft power is inversely proportional to the amount you brag about it. hashtag
dear handle & handle please lower down the volume of your tv, that modimodimodimodi could give heart attack! hashtag
rt handle handle oops modi is going to us as pm and mr. obama is waiting with red carpet. chullu bhar paani laun? ))
rt handle hashtag modi interacting with the indian workers at the icad residential city, in abu dhabi
rt handle rt handle modi used to speak very nuisance words like kootri (a bitch), rom nu raaj joiye ke raam nu ?http
rt handle suckular logic. url
dont watch handle handle; ths people r crooks;not showing modi in uae;just watch handle handle handle handle
hashtag hashtag modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india mus url hashtag hashtag
umbrella in one hand suitcase in another thats what real namo is kudos to this hashtag url
handle first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at handle event in dubai. hashtag url
rt handle wow! hashtag you are so so cool rtp url
hashtag pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat url hashtag hashtag
pm modi urges uae to invest in india bbc news url
whatever works, eh? url
toii pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast. url
today morning, i woke up in the night rg hashtag
aah modi is talking about the nagaland accord in dubai!
rt handle feku goes to uae but not to iraq to get d num hostages held by is since last one yr.it is left to poor sushma but shes bu
rt handle pm hashtag at investors meet in hashtag city numst century belongs to asia. asia is incomplete without uae & its importance. hashtag
num. use fuckin every num seconds.
hahahawhat crap is this? lol url
hashtag is on d stage waving at every body! the madness among every body n chanting of modi is in d air
people living in abroad welcoming modi are more nationalist and proud to be indian than people living in india handle in uae
waiting for mr. hashtag speech
saaaachiiiiin saaaachiiiin level sharjah style applause for modi in dubai.
is this normal for uae? url
hashtag effect hashtag
india is thankful to uae for giving respect to our pm namo. thanks and love you uae. handle handle handle
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url url
modi rocking it in without a guitar! hashtag
handle for them namo gave a msg come along or be left behind.
vadakkam is an idiotic moronbloody losers all of you handle url
s lalit modi assisting sahara group? lalit modi to sell the groups hotels abroad. watch to know more url
rt handle by visiting uae & sheikh zayed mosque, what modi ji did to adarsh liberals
rt handle dontt forget she is receiving favours from aap,her vies are not personal handle tweet url
rt handle finally sickulars can say modi gaya lene.
url has modi, the emperor really lost his shine?
modi is torn between the need to keep his core hindutvawadi supporters happy & the need to reach out to minorities as indias pm.
rt handle modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament
sir pm handle all dubai muslim also chatting modi modi
muslims fear rising tide of hindu nationalism in modis india url url
a great salute was given by saudi peoples to our prime minister mr. narendra modi for welcoming him in saudi arabia url
rt handle cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm modis address to indian diaspora in dubai hashtag url
handle its electrifying inside the venue. continues modi modi modi chantsno leader without mass love can achieve. hashtag
ndtv this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm url url
rt handle dubs cricket staduium welcomes pm modi
hashtag ive never seen so many ppl gather together in dubai expect during ramadan, modi effect emoticon
hashtag hashtag modi, continues to attract hashtag, hashtag & businesses however internal hashtag & bureaucratic system will spoil sport
muslims cheering on handle .i put muslims in quotes as muslims supporting modi are seen as not being muslim enough. hashtag
sanjeev kapoor invited by the host, abu dhabi investment authority, to cook veg indian food. know your facts url
handle thanks for such a nice articleafter seeing tireless modi, i strongly believe our beloved pm has got this ojassu
how ironic!handle shdve renamed it the christian as he married one. url
handle will say modi is just an event manager
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium shortly hashtag url
handle handle sanjay tune communal politics ke alwa kuch kiya hai abhi tak.ur your work shud speak like modi.where is tomar
modi speaks well in dubai but needs to act and speak more and effectively in the parliament to get key legislation passed
rt handle i just browsed through my twitter timeline.
handle handle modi has done good by visiting uae, he should not mar it by bringing it out of internal politics in foreign land.
rt handle hashtag congress criticizes modi over ceasefire violation url
aaptards are very sick person in this planet. requested to modi ji plz give num subsidy on burnol to all aaptards hashtag
p.m narendra modi speech is very heart touch so all indian people is proudly feels.so thanku
bring foreign investors from world
best news of the day numth august num special narendra modi url via handle
handle handle there is a massive gurdwara in dubai built by the indian (sikh) community ,hope modi doesnt take credit for that also
debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag courting its friends, cornering pak. modi pulls the rug from under pak?
dubai cricket stadium erupts in loud cheers and chants modi, modi. hashtag
livemint (handle) august num, num
handle handle no wonder u ended up a failure as cm. add antimodi to ur name rather than wasting so much time trolling the pm?
after num years of draught of visit to uae of indian prime minister finally ended up with narendra modis. hashtag
dear handle we know you are anti modi , but isnt the headline too low? handle url
num big achievements of modi ji
what will the dynasty stooges do.
hashtag hashtag mania grips hashtag. people are brave hot weather to listen to visionary handle url
rt handle pm modi thanks uae leadership for alloting land for building a temple in abu dhabi
im lying here in a hospital with iv drips watching the protoilet modi orating some good stuff. hashtag hashtag
flown there from gujarat in packs, i so heard a tweeter say yesterday. url
rt handle it seems armchair strategists are unhappy that pm modi does not conduct pak diplomacy thru media. conflict resolution indu
speech starts at around num.num pm
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai (photo courtesy ani) hashtag url
hashtag is a leader rest all are politicians. handle
i wonder what hurts adarsh liberals more, seeing modis popularity or indias cultural display. hashtag
who knows modi outside gujarat? rahul gandhi is all india leader congress in num. any comments now?
at all pseudoseculars houses now after seeing modis popularity in dubai, hashtag handle url
the way modi is sucking up to the crown prince, he deserves the hashtag tag more than any other indian leader hashtag
modis new year wishes to keralites @ dubai cricket stadiumhashtag hashtag
inflation and kids growing up two things that can continue to shock people right throughout their lives. url
handle handle unity in diversity unique feature of india we are indians ever indian support namo for his relentless efforts
num,num tweets during the speech alone using the the tag>> hashtag
rt handle handle handle big blow to rana,bdutt,rajdeep,sagarika!pm namo in saffron scarf without scull cap in mosque httpemoticon
aug. num indian prime minister narendra modi will visit the united arab emirates.
hashtag hashtag hashtag obviously url
modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism
handle handle tere jaise modi hater k liye specially hahaha cry baby, ur jealousy n hatred is disgusting url
rt handle and the sheikhs heart skips a bit. url
its sheer pleasure to listen to the pm of the nation.
just saw that indians even from muscat & kuwait have come to dubai to hear modi speak. hashtag
modi visits worlds first carbonfree hashtag hashtag, news url hashtag url
what was the development issues pm modi will discuss with uae. can someone please let me know.
rt handle im sure hashtag has fans in mars and pluto too !
hashtag hashtag thatbrownlady yes. fabulous. hindutava terrorism will be condemned just as islamist terrorism is. gooooo modi hashtag
handle ha ha ha stop being a cry baby namo is doing a super job. period
there is no end for jaundiced people in our country. handle handle handle handle url
~modi modi chants in mosque
come on guys its time for hashtag > hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle in his dubai speech, modi highlights strong significance of recent signing of transport agreement between bangladesh bhu
dance performance begins stadium roaring with vande mataram. hashtag
modi you proved why you popular.in dubai stadium it looked like u r celebrity.now you fill a energy in india blood
rt handle veterans booed out rahul g.
handle handle if modi does something +ve, thats political mind. if not, hes useless. per you, modi just cant win, can he?
handle namo had appointed you against him.
handle modi ji is so kind hearted handle handle
rt handle thankful to rss for giving us modi ! hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
uae decides to allot land for building temple in abu dabi
handle handle , i am so sad, i lost the opportunity to listen your speech modi ji
so is hindu editorial claiming that modi committed to deposit num lacs in our bank accounts? elevating discourse! url
when hindus and muslims can live in harmony in dubaithey cant in india coz of you bros. url
rt handle why r news channels missing all other news jus to accommodate duffer modi s bogus events hashtag
what a sham is us democracy that refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo stop the war coalition url
handle may b right num kishanganj & araria seats. modis pr was paid >num cr to raise bhakts bnum election. now bhakti is hiding in shame
pm modis uae visit day num the times of india url
imagine the strength shown, the magnetic power that has drawn the world here pm modi in dubai url
rt handle handle handle handle sir, wait for a few more days & modi ji will be numst pm to visit antarctica as well.
no more seeking iran for oil if it happens hashtag url
modi is probably indias best nri pm. all the right sound bites bites abroad,complete viscous in india
when people try to be over smart url
handle handle jai ho namo the great pm
rt handle crowd of numk filled in cricket stadium chanting modi with enthusiasm really proud moment fo indians in hashtag hashtag
handle modi is speaking from your home town emoticon handle handle handle
we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi url url
because some idiot liberals dont know how they are lucky to have namo as pm. they instead just they criticise url
what a great speech. u concerned the world.
hashtag government is too hashtag or too hashtag. i cant judgeemoticon url
modi ripping into pakistan. good to see.
rt handle shadow of jaiitaly
hashtag pm modi meeting handle, a compassionate nri healthcare honcho in dubai doing india proud by philanthropy in india n uae
rt handle handle rssmodi used handle bnum elections and nw both acting like impotents
it was sachin then, its modi now to take uae by storm. hashtag
a feast. world has become aficionado of modi. marhaba modi
rt handle modi uses cbi to give cleanchit to his communal friends but expects uae to take stern action against dawood, who has investme
very great news now burj khalifa also welcome and honour pm modi ji in dubai hashtag url
modi what a bastard,fuck muslims in his endia & lick their balls when meets them in middle east url
modi haterspls invest your time to watch him live from usa. waiting for your commentsall self certified political literates
handle hashtag hashtag rocks thank u sir arab vijay ko prapt karane ke liye jai hind peaceful winwin
private channels arent allowed on foreign trips and dd news has access to the kitchen where modis lunch is prepared url
rt handle goi has launched an emigrate portal named madad to address the grievances related to rtpm modi hashtag htt
enjoying foreign trip selfi pm at the cost of peoples money anarchist modi url
public understand abt a policy and something went wrong then modis new policy becomes in market
handle no shaikh permitted a temple for namo it was already planned during upa govt in num.
handle in background of modi ji on num aug. redfort was looking deteriorated dilapidated it should be renovated like forts in europe
modi again rock but this time dubai hashtag
handle oh dear my dear, haha, namo will really miss you.what a pity. url
rt handle after donating whole gujarat to adani now turn of india hashtag
low blow. what does she expect? such gestures not be acknowledged and appreciated? should be pocketed as birthright? url
handle pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi url hashtag
hello sekulars & adarsh liberals, whether modi became secular ? or uae became commu
handle handle how great !
modi apologists never opposed his shameful politics over death.
broom by snatching it frm
when leaders shake hand wd me dy dont see modi dy see num.numcr ppl but sir ie bcz of ur stature handle handle handle
handle handle hashtag this is not good enough, we will agree only if muslims in india support hashtag !
rt handle tweet of the day url
rt handle hashtag is destroying all mosques in india, & then visits muslim countries hashtag to beg for funds investment to run india.
for a layman, modi did a great job by briefing all the achievements (y)
that is such a cool way of saying it handle url
rt handle hashtag delivers yet other grand show handle . agar nris get votin rights this man is not gonna lose num decades
rt handle can never forget the love and welcome that i got from crown prince. the love is not directed to a person but to the num
rt handle handle handle handle say thanks to narendra modi for bring back indian economy on track
is he saying that to vajpayee ji also very bad then hashtag url
rt handle satellite view of india on festival of diwali hashtag hashtag url
this is message to the world india is growing higher with a great leadership of mr modi hashtag
this speech of modi is as beautiful as tendulkars famous innings against australia in sharjah! hashtag handle handle
responding to atal jis call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary
rt handle modi did nt even spare sunny leone
handle pls retweet those tweets asking you for your opinion on modis visit to uae and let ppl understand dat u speak when asked so
has pakistan taken this message? coz it didnt take from peshawar massacre url
more apt term is opportunists url
hashtag cricket stadium is houseful.
too much handle sir url
modis madison moment. charms the indian diaspora in dubai. a doting crowd going hysterical on every word.
why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim worlddailyomodi is acutely aware that every word he utters about rel url
i think modi and his confidence, style is sure to rub off on all indian leaders across the board industry, politics, sports all of it.
num key takeaways from modis uae visit url via handle
this is modi hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle has modi claimed anywhere that temple land in abu dhabi is a result of his visit? you commies smoke pot.
handle handle plz start finding faults, shortcomings of modis visit and speech. it is need of tje hour.
rt handle wth this is that puppy modi once referred to? and reporter asking aap ko kaisa lag raha hai? handle handle https
modi talking about terrorists in dubai. ubhh ohhh hashtag
handle wowwat a grand reception modiji is gettingthanku uaejai homerhaba modinamo namothe only one who really deservs.
rt handle uae has been well thought through and chosen as the first destination for modis visit in the arab world maroof raza
i like the modi in uae is good video on url hashtag url via handle
hashtag waiting for namo url
rt handle congis & hashtag are squealing like rats ,stung wenvy & modi s deft political touch. modi does not to bakwas but he does
rt handle num.num million to be exact url
handle handle ha ha another act of quid pro quo bw adani and modi. mod gets self publicity shows in lieu of projects to adani.
handle. verey nice man all indian worker leader modi namastha
eagerly waiting for modis visit when hell speak about fund cut to ne states, deportation of all illegal bangladeshis
hashtag tries justifying his hashtag visit by raising hashtag issues. why this person always need to double speak. stop chest thumping.
indias modi visits uae labour camp, underscores concern over url url
rt ndtv the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the num crore people of india pm modi in du
pm hashtag visits first zero carbon planned city masdar in abu dhabi firstpost url
rt handle i wonder if modi has a camera roll full of rejected selfies.
the first few words of indian pm narendra modi at dubai!
handle handle picnum sachins famous six in num
rt handle never seen a politician as ferocious as in his speeches hashtag hashtag
now its make in indianext there must be study in india
india, uae united in fight against terrorism, says pm modi indubai
hashtag pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium hashtag read more here url
rt handle totally mesmerizing speech of hashtag in dubai, first time ive hearing the whole speech by any of political leader. cha
handle handle acute shortage of burnol in india url
jal jal ke dhuan ho rahe hum as their caller tune
rt handle never has the hashtag echoed so often on foreign air. ever since hashtag took over. give him credit for that
handle handle handle sir, wait for a few more days & modi ji will be numst pm to visit antarctica as well. talent emoticon
rt handle handle handle handle they represent the num who didnt vote for modi tweet like a pseudo seculars
see yourself being getting fool, provided he turns his jumlas into reality. hashtag url
rt handle modi gets turned on by seeing the infrastructure in dubai.
rt handle watching this great mans speech handle handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
after num years, we held peace talks with those who engaged in terrorism pm hashtag url url
rt firstpost thousands turn up for modis address at dubai cricket stadium. get live updates here url
rt handle hi handle, have a nice sleep
incredible atmosphere. packed stadium. less than num hour to go before modi speech. beautiful indian culture on display url
rt handle no points for guessing pm modi will speak a few words in malayalam. hashtag
rt handle modi numst indian pm to visit uae in num yrs
handle sachin isnt a politician, modi is. actors, sportsmen are huge crowd pullers. no other indian politician does that
standing ovation to ground prince of dubai and prime minister of india modi. hashtag
handle handle what a massive crowd.chants of modi modi modi amazing
trust india trust modi hashtag
hashtag pm narendramodi issues warning to pakistan from dubai
rt handle and we took num years to recognie who are our real friends. luckily we have a leader like modi.
all modi needs is a guitar and he can start a rock show, with the stagedive and all. hashtag
rt handle as if modi doesnt already have enough of mps. madam, work on words selection. frustration clearly visible. url
thailand hashtag modi hashtag
i dont mind a nri becoming an mp. still more indian than gandy family dear handle url
they will handle hashtag url
orop govt should bite the bullet.
modi meets uae pm url
problem with goodbad terrorist is yakub memon get hanged but rajiv killersbullar killeraseemanandkodnanibajrangi not! modi ji k jumle
hashtag urgent required huge contingent of burnol at akbar road.
when the nuclear test was done in india under vajpayee, india had to face difficulties pm hashtag
rt handle great motivational speech by pm modi hashtag
the prime minister, shri narendra modi at the shiekh zayed grand mosque, at abu dhabi, uae url
handle manmohan singh ex pm is vicitim of corrupt sonia. wheras no one can corrupt pm modi.
maybe modi haters should form their own little country so they can boo modi when he visits?
rt handle the unstoppable lalit modi url
modi in dubai pm issues veiled warning to pakistan over terror url handle handle url
rt handle u turn on every thing
modi shd remember that he has been elected by the citizens of india not by nris. he has num face elections of num in india not in dubai
surely a change was needed and no one else could have done better than modi jineeded a rhetoric orator like him. hashtag hashtag
nonhindu ppl of india shld now realize nd look towards hashtag num their way num prosperity,avoid ppl who hv been poisoning ur ears hashtag
hashtag best speech between num people.modi is best leader is world.good to talk about terrorism big issue.thanks to use. love u uae
not well played as crowd was unenthusiastic. . url
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle now congress & other will blam uae govt being communal
rt handle when ak makes his name placards in iday no journo speaks.
handle. modi is one of the best pm.
frustration. modi is not mms. url
rw can complain, that namo repeats his plans and schemes. but its very imp he does that, else msm and seculars will drown the ideas.
what will sickulars do now? url
rt handle q&a pm modis visit to the nonresident hashtag (nris) in the hashtag url
whatta moment its going to be hashtag at dubai uae, hashtag
rt handle pm modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity touae url url
modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb b url
this might be that last chance pakistan.
read and watch the highlights of pm narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium.
see like hashtag is going to win next kerala election by his dubai speech!
handle modi ji is everywhereemoticon
handle hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now, hd streaming] url
will nsalevel talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi
a word of advice to all those who are not that into modi dont switch on the tv tonight
his name should be nriendra modi hashtag
you have much more imp. duties here , if ed cannot be taken to task over national herald case, then bhakt
hashtag pm modi live n wat a enthusiastic speech full of positivity
handle fodder to oppositionmodi jis schedule proves that he is against middle class tv watching people
rt handle handle modi shud resign & order mid term poll.he has forfeited his mandate after uturn on orop & many other demand
excerpts of pms remarks at the roundtable meeting with business leaders at masdar city
make in india, thats a new thing in modis speech. wow, he has started to impress, something new no? url
hashtag haters keep on hating while modi steals the show again
relevant pic as benaras is modis constituency hashtag url
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag now talking about num*num electricity in num years . url
hashtag pm narendra modi condemns twin bomb blast in bangkok outside hindu temple prime minister narendra modi on monday condemned the
rt handle pm visit to uae after num years.pm handle covering lost ground. islamic nation offering temple land. fantastic url
pm hashtag to hashtag up hashtag hashtag hashtag uae
num quotes from pm modis independence day speech url
hashtagwatching hashtag livegreat audince in dubaifor modihashtag
handle handle handle handle only thing that can stop modi is strategic alliances. let hashtag bargain on behalf of muslims
hv a look at these traitorsbiggest news of the moment fr handle while khaleejtimes is going ga ga ovr modi url
rt handle just two days back in iday speech modi ji said
we always want to live in peace and harmony with our neighbours and prosper hashtag
hashtag said india was proud of expatriate indians settled and working in the uae url
rt handle joker of the year hashtag
pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra modi on a twod url
well done modi minister handle! national herald case ed finds no proof against sonia, rahul gandhi url hashtag
hashtag i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights url
no better speaker the county has hashtag not a modi fan but great leadership qualities our pm posses
rt handle we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but were going forward with it pm modi hashtag
people who know about abu dhabi also know what a big step it is to provide land for an indian temple to be set up there pm modi hashtag
but what will happen to jobless hashtag & so called seculars? hashtag url
rt handle want to exploit real estate at all railway stations in india pm modi
rt handle it is refreshing to know that the rupee will get stronger at rs.num per dollar if modi comes to power url
handle handle mangalyaan to mars was a success, so is modiyaan to uae
handle thats why i am reading ur twts as it brings peace in my mind while others speach (modi)gives headache. hashtag
rt handle marhaba namo num,num indians expected to attend firstofits kind reception for pm modi in dubai num,num ind httpemoticon
solid ullu banaya baaki logo ko. a difference of just num dishes url
communal pool like inc n others dont digest tht modi is rock star in uae. n thy r loosing vote bank.thy knows
hashtag d true global leader hashtag handle , they r buying tickets just num hear him
live uae plans to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india, pm modi says in dubai
rt handle modi ji now other countries have changed the way they look at india do you know why
now ed case closed they say. handle writes to hashtag, blames ed chief of scuttling probe in national herald case url
hashtag modi ji has scored century with all nums and nums feeling proud
working hard to somehow spin this hashtag visit. modi makes these sickulars work hard. full sympathies. url
rt handle guess who else was spotted in the stadium at the hashtag event today url
india victim of terror for num yrshashtag tolerate too longhashtag statementhashtag to terroristshashtag good no bad terroristshashtaghashtag hind
narendra modi woos u.a.e. investors with $num trillion investment opportunity url hashtag url
handle oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm rightno need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.hate has no limit.
i am just too impressed with modi today. just too impressed.
rt handle message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modi firstpost url
haha strange frist he deny the hindu extremist are insulating prophet muhammad saw them he denied modi involvement url
indias greatest rock star hashtag rocks hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag handle url
rt handle bhakts are unbelievable. first they abuse sheiks now they are proud of modi for clicking selfies with the same sheikhs. w
that sense of pride you feel each time you watch mr.modi speak and the crowds reaction to it is just so amazing.
i am witnessing a mini india in dubai, respect to me shows respect for indias changing image pm modi in dubai
live tv watch prime minister narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium url hashtag url
rt handle modi screamed, yeah screamed bharat mata ki jai on foreign land. muslim dominated uae type foreign land! pms achiev
modi putting the screws to pakistan in his foreign policy speech. by not mentioning them at all. hashtag
pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat url
rt handle pm hashtag we need a second green revolution in hashtag. east india needs more development.
data mining assignment who was the last person on record to say there is no modi wave? num marks.
rt handle we used get to such scenes only during hashtag match!
here is another lie of modi sarkar exposed! url
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi ndtv url
rt handle pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai at num.num pm url
feel sorry for handle they electrified ~num.numl villages out of numl and now only few are left. marketing ability of modi would win it too!
even the modi hatersbaiters cant deny the goodwill hes generating. whethr they can appreciate him or not remains the question hashtag
yes modi ji, you are right. blue collar workers in dubai need your support and help more than the nonreturningindians in countries like us
modi taking on china indirectly using nepal issue. super hashtag
rt handle thats the power of india , thats the power of namo hashtag url
wire lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit url
modi in dubai live dubai cricket stadium nearly full url hashtag
marhaba modi chant in dubai . num indians to hear pm speech at stadium !
hate him all you want. modi stands tall and proud wherever he goes.
isolate the country supporting and nursing terrorism pm modi
rt handle khoon ka rang kafi hai in lieu of passport when it comes to punchlines modi trumps even salman khan.
modi is electric. we can criticize his govt at times but this is the guy who deserves to be the premier of india.
hashtag url hashtag hashtag
handle abdul kalam is peoples president narendra modi is the peoples pm
handle bringing broad smiles to peoples faces, those living away from home, in uae. he deserves the slogan being shouted. modi modi
we were successful in rejuvenating saarc; india has promised to provide services of a satellite to saarc nations free of cost pm modi
came home late, switched on the tv, found modi everywhere. switched off.
handle nothing short term with modi, that is my astute analysis from my exp with vibrant gujarat!
handle last num yr of strengthening in foreign relations & the rising status of our country, in itself the biggest achievement of namo
handle handle she is a modi fan. everything modi says is a gospel truth for her but she often bites arun jaitley.
gathering crowds like a football match is an art only pm modi knows hashtag
modi magic works again hashtag
thats turning out to be another modis special hashtag
rt handle hashtag pm hashtag is desperate to exploit the small rupture in hashtag ties to hashtag & hashtag over hashtag. a policy based on
retweeted gen hameed gul (handle)
namo in dubai amazing speech. feeling proud.
hashtag hashtag hashtag proud to have a pm like him
global attraction towards india has increased narendra modi
there are people looking for the hashtag of hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi ji talking about terrorism in islamic country. waah ! truly aache din. hashtag
nearly num lakh crore investment promised by the uae modi handle
handle just too royal for modi to get.
here you will definitely know once you enter pakistan or afghanistan. hashtag url
we tried to bridge the gap between saarc nations. but some people feel pained at this handle hashtag url
subtle, modiji. so subtle. url
handle handle because he wants chanting of modi every where
rt handle reuters tv crew was not allowed inside the mosque by security thats why they spreading remours url
as per your observation, what are the expectations of indian diaspora from namo handle handle
the curious case of modibaiters landing up in controversies url open secret. via handle
bhaktrolls showing suicidal tendencies on twitter after modis uae visit, thinking he might end up visiting mosques & muslims back home too!
handle modi just cornered pakistan on good terror bad terror.
gnum modi ji best pm of india hashtag
a small correction its not boot licking its handle licking bloody italian whore hashtag handle url
modi really has nothing else to do except be a living breathing walking advertisement of himself
rt handle hashtag renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, are majority of indians forgotten patriotism? is is most humiliating to b
handle plz let me know how can i attend the bay area gathering of sfo of num sep i want to see mr modi kindly help
handle handle today pm modi has rocked in dubai, but rajdeep wasnt there to cover the news url
dont worry he will get real votes too just swept polls in mp also u can keep crying url
handle handle good modi ji
this is the difference between handle jis visit and handle visits url
handle handle while modi wants num teach d beggars singing & keep dem beggars num life ak wants num rehabilitate dem num live with dignity
rt handle when the uae said there was going to be consequences against pakistan over yemen, they were not kidding hashtag hashtag httpemoticon
rt handle we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm modi url
handle whn modi visited ganga when he won da election u asked him to visit a mosque. u forgot dat u hypocrite lady?
so is dawood being welcomed by hashtag
rt handle this man can give the biggest actors on the planet some tough competition. hashtag at his best url
why the hell these people keep trending hashtag or something related to modi
rt handle its time to declare bernol day fo secular parties modi gonna rock in uae cant wait for his speech ! hashtag hashtag
right now the crowd for prime minister of india narendra modi at dubai cricket stadium. url
ndtv pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium. track live updates here url url
modi offers $num trillion investment to uae
handle handle modi just spoke some malayalam. totally winning it.
rt handle hashtag modi i bow to all indians in uae
rt handle pm modi in rti am very optimistic, confident for the outcome of this visit&hashtag; modi url via handle
no one could do what modi has done in uae ! jealous aapards & congi will keep barking hashtag hashtag url
rt handle num,num indians to attend firstofits kind reception for pm modi in dubai
rt handle modi shud restore num mosque n tombs including tomb of wali decani gujrati n ustad fayyaz khan, he desecrtd handle
modi is a hindu nationalist as he talks about rakhi hashtag
live now > pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
world should get united to fight terrorism , we should be with humanity not with terrorism hashtag appeal world hashtag url
rt handle chants heard in dubai stadium
modi is nothing for modi and every credits to num crores indian & for num crores indian modi is highly important handlehashtag
are countries like saudi arabia,and pakistan taking note? url
only channel who is showing live url
save faith and constitution movement was launched by aimplb today url
pls ask their friends to watch it live here url url
modi magic rtland to be allocated for temple in uae url
modi is not a politician , he is a pradhansewak , a tea seller and a rockstar !
uae allots land for temple on pm narendra modis visit url via handle
rt handle people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival today pm modi
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai.hashtag
modi needs to stop sleeping and getting fat. url
rt handle gotta say for modi to stand in dubai and talk against pakistan the way hes doing, takes balls of steel.
watching, hearing modi ji in dubaioverseas is not less than watching a cricket, fifa world cup finaltruly miraculous leader.
any channel live telecasting modis speech?
handle modi wants to sell this oil to adani. handle
this is portion of num.num lakh crore that namo referred in the dubai speech. url
if modi can delight his bhakts by visiting mosque, imagine how thoroughly they will be enthralled when he goes for haj hashtag
handle modi never fails to show his swag tho.
irking congress very much. they cannot accept a top pm like namo. see the welcome he gets there. hashtag
watch news nationlive coverage of namo effect
inspired by pm modi speech from dubai sports stadium today.
live pm modi in uae watch modi speech live from dubai cricket stadium url
rt handle why cant saarc countries replicate what europe has done narendra modi
handle with due respect these are all indians. modi is a global leader for sure of indians, he gives us smthng to be proud of
lion roars echoes in middle east against terrorism.
handle awesome speech by our pm modi ji in dubai .
rt handle madame ji india mein bharpoor support hai nris also welcome. url
hashtag modi ji will be inaugurating num skill development centres across bihar handle handle handle url
so what country is like india in that it has good leftist econ programs and hot weather, but not like india in that it doesnt have modi?
my tl is suddenly abuzz with hashtag singing praises of arabs after modi decides to visit them
rt handle the goodwill modi commands is there for all to see. it would be a pity to waste this opportunity for a better india
rt handle wow! handle addresses indians in uae and the response from them is just overwhelming. hey all are like modi modi
when i read about akbar sahebs painting, mother blessings, dedicated url
what time it starts ist? url
rt handle marhaba namo num,num indians expected to attend firstofits kind reception for hashtag url httpemoticon
handle how come ur focus is switched over to lalit modi instead of narendra modi.surprised about num days sun rise direction.
handle sir,if namo calls for orop circular on his table within num hrs, can anybody say no?
handle want to chant modi modi. .modi. .live in front of himsometimesomeday.
live@ url watching namo in dubai
some morons were cribbing about his visit, even asking who is modi go figure you fools! hashtag hashtag
namo nailed it again. num of th grtst icons of th world tdy. lvng th way he is scrwng pak. handle handle handle handle
rt handle the joint uaeindia statement on modis visit will keep some pakistani diplomats up tonight url
in last two days, my general knowledge on uae has sky rocketed from num to marhaba namo hashtag
handle you must be insane.cant figure out difference between previous govts & namo govt.give best matches to the receptions of namo
news update modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation url
handle handle handle handle hw much money modi paid to bring crowd w ppl dressed like muslims? hashtag
malik mithoo lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite url
hashtag at hashtag by hashtag handle advising all those trigger happy & hashtag for peace. inching towards hashtag
handle handle handle mr narendra modi is real son of indai. i see your uae visiting officialese picture god save you
rt handle pm modis visit a chance to chart new course in ties uae minister url
handle handle dearmam youve given a wonderful suggestion.a separate ministry headed by anri for nris
parental pressure. right there. url
fdi in india has increased by num pm modi. hashtag hashtag
pm modi to address the indian community in dubai url via handle omg
after hearing modi ji live from abudhabi, feeling proud to b modi jis supporter
modi building temple in abu dhabi
these modisheikh jokes are now getting tiresome, im half tempted to write a condescending buzzfeedesque crapticle
narendra modi , the best public speaker ever hashtag
neither good nor bad url
handle live dubai is no longer a mini india. it has now become a mini world pm modi in dubai url
pm hashtag wishes keralites on occasion of hashtag hashtag url url
congress divided india to win votes on religion and communal lines.namo is getting the globe together! url
handle handle the pm modi rocks in dubai the uae to invest rs num.num lacs crores india a grand success url
hashtag i wonder how the people of dubai feel about modi as his record with indian muslims isnt all that great
she knows her place now. epic tweet madam. well predicted and so accurate. url
could be bhakts only as there is no trend to counter hashtag
what do you think of namo? can he deliver what he promises handle hashtag
joint statement between the un. arab emirates and the republic of india
though we hv num flights fm india num dubai , it took num yrs for indian pmnumreach dubai. modi hits handle place hashtag
rt handle pm modi warned citizens about the hidden & antinational agenda of such ngos! hashtag ? url
rt handle hashtag ; thousands wait with patience to listen to handle . marhaba modi
rt handle what kind of magnetic power must uae have generated in terms of growth that everyone wants to come here,says modi url
rt handle modi asked hindus to wear skull caps to show that he is not anti muslim.
reason why swami wrote to modi
this talks statement of modi is something congress will hold on to and run riot.
rt handle modi ji mentioned abt given temple land,he is trolling handle & other sickulars very badly, that too internationa
new hashtag temple planned following indian prime minister narendra modis visit handle url url
rt handle ye dil mange more hashtag url
modi addressing the people in hindi. bruh if the south indians knew hindi theyd still be in india! hashtag
mr. modi only he is real pm for indian peoples ever. url
handle modi has a powerhouse of energy withing.
rt handle did you ever imagine that yoy will hear chants of bharat mata ki jai in dubai. modi haters start hating india in the p
it shows the credibility of pm modi and peoples faith in him even after num yr in office. jai hind
taking on terrorism from gulf shows hashtag s leadership quality & getting it mentioned in joint statement his diplomatic.
rt handle if modi continues like this burnol sales graph will reach mars very soon. hashtag
i hope narendra modi doesnt listen to go west by pet shop boys and decides to go there hashtag
handle handle what is said reaches global audience next moment. cong criticism also goes global,why blame modi his comment on cong
hashtag group getting its due attention.
brilliant speech.brilliant speaker and a brilliant leader. handle url
if you write a book on modi, what would be its title?
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi daily news & analysis url hashtag
no sheikh, its general bakshi n another rss member
what else he intended to do? use a rss, bajrang dal, vhp or shiv sena slogans url
for a while all critics keep calm nd listen watching narendra modi
modi ji is a best anchor of world hashtag
modi more than num flights are there between india and uae but,
rt handle modi learnt commitment frm me
sultan is waiting with ticky to listen narendra modi ji url
rt handle pm modi takes a jibe at pakistan regarding its state sponsored terrorism. says uaeindia will cooperate against terrorism.
rt handle num yrs ago namo gave a brilliant speech within an hour of mms speech. today handle pulls a similar one on namo. http
rt handle handle narendra damodardas modi hits fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir hashtag
moral of the story if you drink too much tea, you risk getting verbal diarrhoea like prime minister hashtag
rt handle the number of skull caps in a modi event is directly proportional to the percentage increase in burnol tubes. hashtag
rt handle pm modi addressing mini world today world is watching him url
gates open at numpm; handle ji will begin address at numpm. hashtag
rt handle i also salute modi for temple in abu dhabi
handle this man is out of this worldnamo
handle poor u n ur once banned hashtag by usa. come out of hashtag hashtag
proud to have him as our nations prime minister hashtag
modi in dubai pm issues veiled warning to pakistan over terror in a thinly veiled barb against pakistan, pri url
rt handle in hashtag pm modi takes a tour of masdar city, a hub of clean technology, in abu dhabi
kya handle bhai it was a stupid speech bol do plz modi modi ke alawaa kuch aur nahi tha wo bhi so gaye last mein
first picture daw namo na engineer na sya! haha. grabe ka makaproud. thank you lord for granting our prayers. url
modi, modi chantings in full swing in dubai leading to burnol sales in full swing in delhi. http
modi rocks with dubai crowd! clearly, a pm visit there was long due. full credit goes to pm modi hashtag
people chanting modimodi
modi making history in hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
namo knockout there are num every week from dubai to india but it took num years for the pm to come handle
pm made a strong pitch for attracting investment in india
rt handle has modi, the emperor, really lost his shine? handle handle must read url
keep up with everything that hashtag says at the dubai cricket stadium with our live blog. url url
its chilling time of namo in abudabi
rt handle modi implies india capital starved. no. infact we are capital surplus but growth inefficient. what is modi selling? hope not f
most important question is, if modi wave still working url
thanks to the man with midas touch, narendra modi emoticon
rt handle we dont differentiate by colour of the passport pm handle hashtag
rt handle now the only time hashtag hashtag can trend is when lalit modi will be back in india.
hashtag in uae . realy a great moment for india . handle handle handle
handle handle clearly shows their underestimation of modi ji and over estimation of buddhu
rt handle photo album pm modi in uae on rediff url
pm modi when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with num cr indians hashtag
rt handle namo is pride of india & he is making india proud in abroad hashtag url
handle handle modi is making space for you people out there. emoticon
handle handle handle handle modi has a lion image wherever he goes he has a dominating personality he gets warm welcome
and this is why hashtag received outstanding welcome beyond all the protocol vivek katju to handle in hashtag
blast at hindu shrine in bangkokthe timing clashes with modis visit to uae so no prize for guessing who url
rt handle thoroughly enjoyed modis speech in dubai hashtag
handle quite a crowd, i like how modi is cultivating and connecting with indian diaspora
rt handle pm modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium handle
modi in dubai live stadium nearly full; people still pouring in url hashtag
even congressi cant resist and giving compliments
allotment for temple land in abu dabi by uae govt. is namo handle landmark achievement. congratulations . url
handle even modi has won elections so winning election is different thing handle handle
pm narendra modi receives a grand felicitation in dubai hashtag url
rt handle journalists cheering for modi! sad state of affairs! not presstitutes but prostitutes of modishah! cc handle !
another long repetitive predictable speech by hashtag hashtag hashtag
etenergyworld pm modi thanks people for giving up lpg subsidy worth rs num,num crore url
come on india.set the goal & get ready for jetset, go
shameful spin from pti and reuters via niticentral offstumped report url
modi concert has alot of ooo aaaaa coming from the crowd. problem is, such sounds come out of a himesh reshammiya concert too. hashtag
nh case closed or not this modi chickenshit govt is gutless against sonia.did he go around campaigning to be the eam or pm? idiot!
i hope those who were complaining that modi didnt mention terrorism in the numth aug speech are listening to him right now.
this will go a long way and modi can earn genuine appreciation. this is needed. way too much exploitation. url
rt handle hashtag this is not india that is lighting the num colors representing our flag. this is uae welcoming modi ji url
prime minister for more than an year now, modi blames congress for his own failures as an excuse. these glib talks wont solve issues.
modi sir talking about nagaland handle shows how concern he is and surprising. thank you.
is modi only hope handle anna ? handle handle handle handle handle handle
you can hate me; you can love me; but you cannot ignore me. hashtag url
rt handle leaders of uae were not angry with me. they showered me with love pm handle hashtag
arey i was talking about that guy who started speaking in malyalam after modis speech
extension denial to psu heads hurting morale, says ongcs exchairman rs sharma to pm modi url
modi in dubai live indian prime minister arrives at the venue url hashtag
handle hello ji watching modi ji addressing indians in dubai
modi talking about yakub without mentioning him and threatening terrorists?
finds fault anything & everything modi does
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it url from hashtag hashtag
modi bahut *crowd screams*
i met num bucks handle and handle will not be able to get half of the overseas modi speech venues filled hashtag
rt handle modi probably has overgrown his passport to slambook status.
modi even shits to exploit small rupture in pakistan according to this moron url
hashtag i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights ndtv url
modi refers to the resolve to jointly(with uae)fight terror and hints that terrorists sheltered by pak and having assets in uae aint no safe
narendra modi all set to rock again hashtag
earth again.fair and green, modi and magni, take up your horn and partake the sacred mead of asgard can you hear it!
rt handle handle hasnt answered why she kept her own dept in the dark or why she emailed the brit govt after modis visa a
rt handle beyond his charisma & oratory skills, modi is the right man for the job. he is changing the face of india for better. hashtag
one thing dat nbdy can take away frm mr. modi is his glibness. his artfully persuasive words nvr fail to resonate wid d crowd. hashtag
handle live numrm dubai stadium impressive speech numkpeople,this is difference betw other party leader & namo.handle handle
handle shame on modi sarkar who said they will wipe out corruption. next time i will rather vote congress!
modi promised for corruption and voila every bjpian doing its best. and modi loving it. url
handle handle handle handle anyway its being critical ,expectations r high namo needs to prioritize it as most imp&solve
handle handle handle handle note the timing of the ed announcementexactly when pm modi n dr.swamy are abroad
handle pls ask their friends to watch it live here url url
give standing ovtions num crown prince rtnamo
hashtag plz come back n stop thm to do strike thy deserve much better than this. url
vote on the poll modi g dubai visit helps on url hashtag url via handle
where is a press in hole india no buddy showing a great deal with dubai shekh & modi gov why not make talk n dibeting barnols
rt handle pm modi didnt just visit the grand mosque without a skull cap. he hugged the sheikh. met all num brothers. and got cheered
handle my selfie with namo in masdar city today in abu dhabi url
modi rtuae will invest num.numl cr. in india.
rt handle narendra modi is so humble, never talks about himself.
handle handle seems handle just had a chest beating cry on seeing so many admirers hashtag hashtag hashtag
uae king is fool ? must be taking something big from modi. who knows what but bhakkts
dirty congis looted d country for num yrs n left d economy in shambles. what is wrong if modi says he inherited d shit left behind by congis?
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url hashtag
rt handle best modi speech ever probably only because of incessant directindirect bitch slapping of pakistan. hashtag
great achievement yet again hashtag modi handle url
handle stop this drama,wat u did to resolve this orop in numyrs.modi will address it,he committed to d nation from ramparts of red fort
mam arnab is no benchmark of success. he is a symbol of paid media. crook ideas, noise hour time, media judgements. url
handle handle watching modi live in ndtv
handle congrats the congress has accepted greatness of namo. the greatest event of india is mahabharata and everyone knows who managed
rt handle india will launch a satellite in num, services will be provided free of cost to saarc rtmodi
rt handle hashtag hashtag spls for hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
what a speech by apna mr.modi ji in dubai just watch namo
rt handle prime minister of india narendra modi arrives at the venue.
no names, but pm modis dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didnt mention pakistan, but he didnt need to.
rt handle handle handle you never know if modi will put on a show something like this to keep his hosts happy! url
rt handle pm narendra modis silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan hurtful omar abdullah url url
handle handle handle handle handle handle male victims of dowry law in dubai at modi meet url
rt handle this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance pm hashtag url url
rt handle prime minister narendra modi on his way, audience asked to take their seats. hashtag
rt handle why are people of india getting frustrated with modi? mere rhetoric?
handle the day pakistan gets a leader like modi, you will change your views. hes certainly not a god but respect him for the man he is
so is dawood being welcomed by modi handle
pm modi uae visit visited sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi
what did cong guy sycophant of queen say modi will not be known out of gujarat eat crow mani,a chaiwalah has made us more proud than steph
oh no what a blunder. handle
to promise achche din. url
rt ndtv the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as an emigrant portal pm modi in du
handle wat is timing of namos speech in dubai sir?
whatever the situation may be, the solution to everything is through dialogue pm hashtag url url
so is dawood being welcomed by modi
rt handle indias pm modi speech in dubai will be the largest gathering on foreign land to welcome nonreligious leader. h
the unstoppable lalit modi url
commented great modi ji, on the discussion url
given the fact that good proportion of the crowd shouting namo zindabad r mallus some ldrs in kerala might be visiting rest rooms )))
rt handle genuine koshen why didnt our intellectuals write to islamic countries to reject visa to modi? handle or handle
pm modi and mp cm shivraj took to twitter to thank voters for bjps sweeping victory in the states poll url
hashtag slaughters num muslims in gujrat & then takes a begging bowl to hashtag not for the people of hashtag but to enrich hashtag
rt handle digest this wasting of peoples hard earned money to nurture one language! hashtag url
tv news of loc killings, gang raps,bomb blasts were happening hashtag came as hashtag for ppl but he broken thier hearts, he failed miserably
handle handle who is congress spokesman in dubai countering modi pity him
pm goes to a foreign country and requests land for a *temple* he believes only hindus exists in india hashtag hashtag
does anyone know what hashtag is taking about nagaland? he is just drawing lines in the air! hashtag
rt handle today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nations tr
how will i answer rajdeep?
rt handle handle handle hazard has more goals from open play, than the number of times modi makes sense
we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm modi url
android m is not modi, whats the use of having an indian ceo at google.
mms used to condemn blasts attacks in india url
rt handle hey morons if namo wants num win elections in bihar why should he go num mosque in dubai .he can go in india n gain more votes hashtag
handle handle handle handle handle victims of indian dowry law at the dubai modi event url
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit url url
indias modi visits uae labor camp, underscores concern over url url
handle modi wont leave any one without taking selfie
handle handle handle if land was alloted then why permission to build coincided with modis visit. got answers ?
rt handle *aib comedians*
us will not release hungerstriking guantnamo detainee numyearold yemeni after an eightyear hunger strike url
brilliant suggestion url
handle thats really grt event handle hashtag url
rt handle we can now cut down forests guilt free, because we call it reforestation url
many sanctions were imposed on india, nation was facing economic threats, hashtag then called on indian community spread across world hashtag
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi handle
ndtv i want to thank the rulers that they have backed indias candidature for a permane url url
hashtag modi has performed very well as usual, he is a performer on stage maroof raza hashtag
lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit modi and url
handle ours is a vibrant democracy maam. modi is a strong leader. elected. when he speaks he speaks he reveals the mind of indians.
handle ull be getting hatetweets now ure appreciating modi so not cool rtp
rt handle yes, modi is responsible for all the unemployment and poverty. in congress rule all these people were working and extremely rich.
some chutiyas like handle are
pm modi program in dubai
handle my respect is the respect to the indians living here, and to indias changed image narendra modi ji hashtag
handle modi hater u must be having a restless night today to see his support even in a muslim country
num) has modi kept his promise of bringing achhe din in india?
with his superb bitchslapping of pak today, modi has avenged all odi loses at sharjah. hashtag
handle nice guy dont attend namo rallies. namo is your pm but their enemy handle
rt masdarinst hashtag narendra hashtag touring hashtag research labs! hashtag url
modi we consume too much oil. kuch din toh khaao humare gujarat me.
handle handle i have felt the atmosphere in msg in ny and also got privilege to meet modi ji for photo up also.need to c to believe
govt focussing on social rtmodi url
marhaba namo num indians expected to attend firstofits kind reception url via url
did modi government live up to its promises ?
namo didnt carry forward
handle nothing much bas tp heard modis speech
modi cleverly chooses countries for visit that are going to benefit india and helps its economy. he is impressive in url
handle and now hashtag may be saying modi brought people in a ferry from india to fill the stadium hashtag
modi building his image on the hard work of indians url
pm hashtag to inaugurate rs num,num crore road projects in bihar tomorrow url hashtag url
.handle in abu dhabi, the prime ministers visit to the sheikh zayed grand mosque was a political coup url
handle handle handle lol he need to drink eno cant digest modi magic in dubai
rt handle fiberals are educated enough to understand the feat modi has achieved internationally. but their ego & hatred holds them back.
handle oh !what a probachan.seems taken monkey brain before reaching dubai. namo,touching yr heart can u claim an honest ! u r
rt handle pm hashtag is not trying to isolate pak but if they dont cooperate its up to them sk sharma, former diplomat
after bihar. kerala will be a good election to watch out for. url
handle but can modi score a century against australia at sharjah? hashtag hashtag
rt handle some morons were cribbing about his visit, even asking who is modi go figure you fools! hashtag hashtag
sad fr thm who cant make it to the stadium.still all respect to those who tried their best to come.hashtag url
cut the rhetoric. modi ji what have you achieved regarding catching dawood?
with this logic namo should visit temple of all religious practice to proove his credentials as true secular. url
thats our pm. the indian pm. url
rt handle with you always, hashtag ji ab to jawaab dedo aapke bhi ghar me buzurg log hain saab handle url
handle he plundered the nalanda university he is a modi hater
handle it will soon. vote for modi in num & tell your family & friends too.
and hashtag hogging the prime time monday hashtag
cannot stand num min of modis speech. too much of theatrics. statesmanship is what is expected out of a pm not third rate drama artiste
they r still trying to manage a num url
rt handle want to exploit real estate at all railway stations in india pm modi url
prime minister modi speaking to a numstrong crowd in dubai today. url
waiting to watch hashtag
orop debate has proven that modi bhakts are from the same asshole breed as the ones they abuse
handle modi ji to address massive election rally in dubai stadium
rt handle why did pm modi feel ashamed in uae?
rt hindustan times pm modi attacks previous governments in uae, congress hits back url url
nawaz sharif and ishaq dar should not beat drumps of chinese investment, see hindu extremist modi plan for uae; url
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister url sps
modi ji is doing all these things for the betterment of every indian wheather he is hindu muslim or any other
rt handle we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and hashtag pm hashtag url httpemoticon
yes our presstitutes news traders handle handle handle handle itching make fun of modi handle url
handle infact mosque paid obesance by chanting modi modi ,,,, burnol moment fr u
ppl in our country arent used to see a working pmhence when hashtag worksthey find it different! they motivate raga & farziwal
even opposition will be mesmerising secretly! hashtag
great article by handle. loved it but for the tittle. how can we say he ignored the muslim world till now? url
rt handle indian journalists incapable of either serious journalism or good sarcasm url
rt handle modi has performed very well as usual, he is a performer on stage maroof raza hashtag
hashtag modi in again in self praise modecursing earlier pm for not visiting neighbours.
there is a pattern modi humiliated previous pms in germany, canada, japan, china, now he does the same in uae. hashtag
vote on the poll modi in uae is good for india? on url hashtag url via handle
handle sir you could find these two people to discuss modis speech.
hashtag rt handle incredible atmosphere. packed stadium. less than num hour to go before modi speech. url
modi somehow managed hashtag into his speech
hashtag kills num muslims in indian occupied gujrat & then goes to hashtag for begging of funds to run india. shame on hashtag hashtag
handle handle , any comments on marketing gimmick or concede modi charm ? handle handle url
chef sanjeev kapoor flown to uae to cook veg dinner for pm modi hindustan times url hashtag
rt handle when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti haicongress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or con
rt handle dear handle, did modi become secular or did sheikh mohd bin zayed become communal hashtag
modi in dubai india, uae to establish strategic security dialogue, boost firstpost url hashtag
just now pm modi addresses indian diaspora in uae
handle modi govt lacks a coherent communication strategy, which enables sources and competing narratives to take hold and even dominate
the modi is showing excellence in every manner i was shocked of listening his speech oooo god i was something unspeakableemoticon
handle great to see all as indiannamo namo
we can feel india in uae thats called modi effect
handle let the glory of india spread make in india dream may soon be a great reality
who will reply to num former chiefs letter in modis absence?
handle handle new relationship between bharat and gulf through modis journey
no , everyday terrorist attacks are happening url
hashtag this is amazing speech by narender modi. this is pride of india.
to fight against terrorism, you have given us clear indications pm modi in dubai url
unfortunately humility is certainly not part of narendra modis repertoire
ndtv nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai url url
hashtag hs d power of connecting people wid him. thats why modi goes num abroad num address thm. im sure he wil alwys feel us proud hashtag
still long way num go.
why im not looking forward to seeing modi in dubai dailyo url
handle what is meaning of vatican,sanskrit known people explain to our pm modi
modi spoke in malyalam? seculars wil start teling nowis modi started his kerala campaign url
people cant change their own badhabits overnight & expect modi ji to change the entire nation overnight; which has been degraded for numyr.
facenum of modi on islam here url
modi believes global perspective towards india has changed after he took over as pm.
declare orop implementation date immediately, brinda karat urges narendra modi url
modi addresses thousands of indian expats at dubai cricket stadium url url
i have heard frm inside sources that its $num million each above num years of age and half a million num bron but below num. url
rt handle handle sultan, this modi is not a dignified leader, uae must not felicitate him.modi organised state sponsored violen
rt handle how many you wear skull cap.
you are with us or terrorism modi url
pm narendra modi in his opposition time made exactly same wild suggestions and url
rt handle .handle reports of sightings of a modi wave on pluto by voyager cannot be confirmed at this time. )))
rt handle modis public speaking in dubai is a massive show of indias soft power in entire middle east. uae is a model country for e
watching modi speech live handle
rt handle if theres an indian anywhere in the world, we dont look at the passport colour, colour of blood is enough narendra mod
handle if muslim donated land after getting permission from govt. you dont try to lie when modi caught
handle im in dubai at the moment & the modi mania is at its peak.entire mallu community of uae seems to have taken the day off
hashtag modi appears on stage handle stay tuned url
handle modi visited only strategically important countries neighbours n strong business partnersboth r key for strong economy.
handle yr ghatia man is going to sprt ghatia congress, lalu co.
rt handle sanctions were put on india. that time, ab vajpayee had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi
handle handle namo, you make every indian proud
not hashtag but satsang tour in num. also proves muslims intolerant to other faith is sanghi propaganda url
handle aye. sorry, i wont. just fyi, there are agencies who pay heavily to tweet in favour of modi ji & against rahulkejriwal too.
very good points by modi .sending strong signals to everyone ,from kashmiri separatists to every indian
amazing response by crowdno other leader could have managed this welcomewe are proud of u pm namo jihandle handle
handle num. new slogans. new jumlas. modi is a talk shop. action missing. must sit n talk in parliament. and travel inside india.
modi eyes uaes $num.numtr sovereign funds, offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url
pm modi wish all the keralites a happy new year
its num degree in dubai,wait for more heat in dubai as well as in india(cong) whn namo will address the dubaindians in dubai ! hashtag
handle handle modi was larger than vijayakanth. no modi in tn polls. num results nothing without numrs factor.
the abu dhabi investment authority (adia) already having exposure at indian hashtag sector, we need more url
handle handle just imagine could congress achieve what pm modi has achieved in dubai today
live from dubai cricket.stadium
rt handle relevant pic as benaras is modis constituency hashtag url
handle modi! modi! euphoric crowd is calling its leader in unison. hashtag
handle u r mistaken mamits us the citizens of india who infact r wishing that he(modi) represents us our country that is india
handle handle well done namo. proud of you really.
mutual trust most important factor in relationship modi handle
i also salute modi for temple in abu dhabi
some cockeyed bhakts are delighted & rejoicing that modi has achieved the first temple in uae for millions of url
rt handle india for sale. invest your money, let us show it as indias growth, then take bonanza returns back to your country. url
handle dude ur logic is pathetic dere modi is trying to block dawood tu kaha se ye baat bol rha hai srsly sickulars u all r sick hahaha
debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. paks sphere of influence punctured
handle this one was epic! grand welcome to modi! hashtag
dubai cricket stadium turns festive for showman modi. this indian pm surely knows how to create a big buzz
brilliant speech by modi! the right amount of anger against terrorism, the right amount of pride towards india. too good! hashtag
and modi is a local leader and people do not know him beyond gujarat handle url
handle ? handle handle handle handle hashtag
handle handle lionking modi is going to roar at num.numpm tonight in dubai yupiiii
modi mode of developing india.
every week over num flights come from india to uae. but an indian prime minister takes num years to visit uae. pm modi hashtag
indian diaspora later today
handle handle sirji she is a big time chaplus of modi land for temple allotted in num upa num govt? url
provided neighbour is a nation with human soul. url
prime minister modi manages to get uae on board against pakistan sponsored debate.on this the whole country stand with modi.this is our pm!
round table indiarise of modi and antimuslim politics a critical reading of the left. url handle handle
sheik i have a goat and camel both. url
hashtag he looks camerawala than a chaiwala url url
yesterday modi ji in uae
rt handle pm modi has started addressing amazing crowd at the venue
pm narendra modi will address shortly indian diaspora in hashtag. hashtag hashtag
handle modi sir is honest . he will deliver on his promises. would you kindly focus on installing cctv and providing wifi?
the most awesome tweet hashtag handle super well said url
thats the effect hashtag has. hashtag url
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy url
rt handle hashtag modi it took num years for an indian pm to come here
eagerly awaiting for dear hashtag hashtag url
handle dude, have a drink and get to bed.by tomorrow all this will look like a bad dream.then you can get back to modi bashing.
rt handle every week more than num flights from india arrive in dubai, but it took num years for an indian pm to travel here. pm modi
such a brilliant speech from uae watching narendra modi
this num modi weighs heavier than num odis hosted by dubai cricket stadium. world is looking at that nummodi expectantly url
hashtag today in dubai i am seeing a miniindia pm modi
modi, in an apparent reference to pak, signals out punishing terror backers! hashtag
love to see first time ppl are enjoying their leaders speech not only in india but outside india alsokings speech by modi hashtag
handle handle handle hey where are you guys in ara modi is coming here plz tell me i need you plz
hashtag will not tell you that farce award to hashtag was given by same nri in dubai url
rt handle i am eagerly waiting for modi haters to call this pic from dubai as photo shopped or as paid crowd url
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi url hashtag hashtag hashtag
lol hes doing what no congress pm did in over numyrs!
watching modi speech on ddnews webcast
modis speech ws abt hw india has develpd into supr power. bt modi & co is in power since last yr so why ppl is praising him?hashtag
rt handle i have seen modi rallies but this hashtag is another level, crowd response is unbelievable
narendra modi should you take tylenol, advil, or aspirin for pain? heres what the evidence says. as the rese url
rt handle modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation abu dhabi, aug num (ians) in a move signalli url
of all pm, modi has got the most charismatic personality hashtag
the huge applause to every modis statement, is a slap on handle face. handle, boss! tu toh gaya! hashtag
today he is in a uae for make new friends thats make proud for usemoticon
ahem gini dearits lion url
rt handle when modi ji tries to take a cleanselfie
rt handle credit doesnt goes to hashtag, but to shift in me policy after pakistan refusal to send troops in hashtag handle ht
indias modi faces tough afghan choices url
handle modi has the peoples mandate. nawazs election win was controversial. hence youll c less pakistanis in his support.
handle you didnt go to see modi
after num years our indian govt goes to uae. now we see modi ji sucess our lpg formula.now days, all foriegn country is great frnd of india
hashtag pm modis uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai read more url
after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people
one can always argue that modi is a travelling salesman but is also true that his sales pitch is always patriotic & development centric.
handle handle handle and you have been demanding modi to be so for more than a decade now. hypocrite
modi is a rocking star, amazingly watching the crowd in dubai cricket stadium
modi in hashtag a great response from the people ! hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
now that modis speech has ended, arnab goswami will be the happiest person on the planet earth.
wow ,such a politeness ,modi ji acknowledged the greatness of king of uae for gifting land for temple hashtag
rt handle clearly, his a reaction to modi getting land for temple in abu dhabi url
rt handle the trust on namo url hashtag
i thought its a thunderstorm but it was hashtag s speech in dubai being telecast on tv
url pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs num lakh cr; boost trade url hashtag
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url via handle
modi welcomed bynumk mus.&hin. in hashtag&all matters had sharednumour hashtag by hashtag. its getting blastnumr opposition. ab dekho yahan hota hai kya.
but indians arent so cruel to list t
pure indians are seen overwhelmly
modi should be called coz heis just gud in that, handle handle lets trend this tmrw and give him time of his life
rt handle we want second green revolution in india pm hashtag url url
such num star analysts! url
why not modi asked then prime minister atal bihari vajpyee to visit uae , so that it wud not hv taken num yrs to indian pm ! hashtag
hilarious speech by handle
long, hot wait for those headed to see modi url hashtag
.handle surely namo is not in dubai on ur callingas a media spokie what are you doing just advisingu rot rasa handle
handle ? handle handle handle handle hashtag hashtag
the uae on sunday decided to allot land for building a temple there, the first in the emirati capital as modi visits url
pls trend hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag namo can anytime now.
rt handle pak being trolled mercilessly by namo, without even being mentioned once by name hashtag hashtag
hashtag hashtag hashtag proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi url
handle modi from redfort declared goi got so much funds in kitty by his efforts of implimenting schemes then why not releasing
several opportunities for development in india modi url
handle modis speech must be music to your ears he loves your sector & bijli is num volts in his speeches
rt handle pride as an indian? asks hashtag in hashtag address url
modi in dubai live thousands gather at dubai cricket stadium for indian pms international business tim url
rt handle modi refuses to be a prisoner of protocol clouds covered the sky as people started trickling in from numam onwards url
rt handle pm hashtag modi uae decided to invest num.num lakh cr in india
modi ji still delivering blockbuster type speeches but the man who ignited ray of hope among us has to convert these words into action asap.
rt handle num people from guj were sent a week before. job was to chant when modi arrives there. rest was on the house for them fol
hashtag hashtag cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill url
handle handle handle handle handle num cr see the link modi sbi chairman & adani all together
pm modi is welcome to make frequent and impromptu visits abroad and make foreign trips. wish he speak up in parliament more often.
rt handle dear countrymen,
handle guyz watching on namo in dubai handle handle handle handle jai hind
handle handle handle modi innocent in guj riotsnowlick your pappu asshahahayou proved your party wrong again
.handle remittances from the uae total over $num billion (rs num,num crore) annually url
congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url
handle the chips r down for namo domestically, wat better way to shine than to appear secular in a muslim land! its chamleon tactics
good .credit must be given to modi url
handle are around num flights between uae & india, but it took an indian pm num years to reach uae pm.hahaha are modi tera fenkupan
rt handle modi credits indians for the adulation he received whereas gandhi pariwar believes it to be their birthright. hashtag
rt handle handle real shocker was when that darling of (faux) liberals handle once said but modi isnt visiting
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag now brings up afghanistan. url
rt handle an autowalla, standing on the wrong side of road, is not giving space to my cab, but modi ji is busy visiting uae.
rt handle india elected modi believing he s an allrounder
rt handle namo takes a jibe at pakistan by emphasising the importance of discussion for conflict resolution hashtag
rt handle pm modi when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with num cr indians hashtag
good timing with the unprecedented hype of hashtag state visit to the uae and hashtag campaign url
watching modis speech on dd news. boycotting paid media.
yeah. india elected u mr. prime minister, the sr. modi. rise and prove urself humiliating predecessors not going help u
rt handle will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents cong to modi url outlook wires
live telecast marhaba namo forward together hashtag
ncp chief sharad pawar to meet pm modi, fm arun jaitley over farmers loans url hashtag
modi has really got swagger. hashtag
crowd cheers jai as pm modi says, bharat mata ki; concludes his speech at dubai stadium url
entire hashtag population is agitating in hashtag.
rt handle handle handle all these sonia rant are fine except that bjp and modi dont have guts to stand her . fact only
rt handle at a time when terrorism is rampant, uaes crown prince allocates space for construction of a temple modi url
watch namo in dubai live
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united arab e url
these jumlas r a function of gud intent n ideas! why were the earlier governments unable num comebup with any jumlas? cheers hashtag hashtag
namo will of course rub it in,when it is his turn.sorry about that! rtp hashtag url
rt handle for modi, opposition is not a part of team india, and neither are the ex servicemen going on hunger strike now demanding hashtag
handle instead watch modi live
handle handle httpemoticon
handle modi is a lion, when he roars world listen. he is nt ghar ka sher.he is reallionhandle handlehandlehandle
rt handle marhaba modi. lion roaring soon
handle modi credits indians for the adulation he received whereas gandhi pariwar believes it to be their birthright. hashtag
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url via url
handle more importantly, why modi didnt find time to visit or communicate to andhra ppl in num months (discounting hudhud visit)?
modis people connect is next to none
rt handle what kind of a sadist bunch aaptards and congress loonies are? hashtag url
rt handle will modi answer why num customers left bsnl in one year?
translation no matter what modi does india will never be there. url
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
see how selfish pm modi is? he criticized atal bihari vajapayijiwho built bjpwho made him cm of gujrat. hashtag url
.handle indians in uae are mostly unskilled workers though around a fifth of the total hold highlevel jobs url
namo will attract bigger crowd in pakistan than any pak leader there
the husband well he is definitely
pm modi on his way to dubai stadium.soon were going to witness another madison moment in dubai. excited! hashtag hashtag
they themselves are burning right now url
those who underrated modis independence speech must be feeling ashamed after hearing todays speech.modi knows how to revenge hashtag
handle. handle under sever depression. weeping with chest beating rudali unable to cope modi wave in dubai.
handle wat it a joke? should we laught hahahaha! now happy. ur poor modi is just barking against hashtag.
.handle handle perhaps someone should find a way for modi to visit mecca handle can arrange ? like mosque mosque na raha
wont be surprised if modi does a mujra! hashtag
rt handle in a joint statement, rajdeep & sagarika clarified that it was bad food & not the modis visit to a mosque in uae that caused
but nothing can beat this gem from handle. shows how much heartburn als had had after bjp victory in ls polls.
lol! i just had wild thought of handle talking instead of namo to indian diaspora! i stopped there rtp hashtag
handle dear pm modi ji, the great prime minister in history of india, we feels proud to have you, please visit south africa also.
rt handle after watching pm modis powerful speech, there is only one sentiment resonating in every indian right now jai hind
pm modi ate into num minutes of prime time news and associated ad revenue. and then bhakts say this government isnt against media.
hashtag pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is not some grand gesture to muslims conciliation? outreach? tour p url
rt handle watch live hashtag pm narendra hashtag address crowds at hashtag international cricket stadium url
handle respect the way in which modi government helped nepal in hour of need was a heroic act.
i am sure ppl wont come taking so much hardahip and waiting under num dgree sun heat impossible this love is only for modi hashtag
handle i love narendra modi i love india people i hate pakistan people jai hindustan jai india jai narendra modi
rt handle handle once weak advani. followed by hollow rajnath, under the weakest pm modi. where
handle am watching to modi monkey act circus in hashtag
modi compelling mulims to wave indian flag. yet no voice of protest from handle. hashtag url
hashtag handle speech hashtag hashtag
handle sir please share details of all proposals by indiai m sure thr many more interesting proposal frm mr. modis ahmedabadi mind
modimodi visiting all countries in one year and he never visited all states in his own country
url rt rammadhavbjp modi in uae indian diaspora eagerly awaiting a madison squarelike event
pakistan has a big reason to worry. modi doval at work. hashtag
dear arnab handle your correspondent abhishek is blabbering that modi is preaching to already converted? isnt that moronic hashtag
sickularananda saraswathi
if he gave us this beautiful country then surely he will protect it too mr modi! handle handle handle handle
live watch hashtag addressing the indian community in hashtag url
what a change from num years of diffidence and despondence
email hikingbhutantravelshandle.com
rt handle are burnol and morepen sponsoring modis events?
not sure if thats a compliment. hashtag hashtag url
more than anything the hashtag event seems like a self promotion of hashtag
handle as handle objects hashtag shloks,its personal freedom wht hashtag does?shld matter handle handle handle
its the $lavesnothing to do with islam url
rt handle modi has effortlessly transformed himself as global statesman on international stage. todays speech testimony to that
dubai chant marhaba modi
rt if u like hashtag speech in uae
awaiting for namo handle hashtag url
rt handle did i miss it or modi ji forgot to tweet about hashtag or hashtag?
hashtag watch narendra modi live speech here
rt handle stop calling yourself nationalist if youre not proud of having narendra modi as prime minister of india.
indians all over the world like to forget the proverb neki kar dariya may dhal after listening modi in dubai.
i dont think any indian muslim had voted for modi.
handle modis finally met his kinda crowd today.
its mini world now.several nonindians too can be seen.modi did not disappoint them. hashtag hashtag url
dubai cricket stadium has hosted num odis and now num modi rtd
this criticism also shows their own pm sri vajpayee in poor light. url
handle seating next to hashtag rtp
watch times now at numrtnumpm
rt handle not hindu, muslims or sikhs but i can see only indians there in dubai came to listen mr modi. so proud
rt handle connectivity plays a huge role in development, europe is a fine example narendra modi ji hashtag
isi & d company behind pakistani foreign ministers assassination as he failed to stop mr. narebdra modis state visit to uae.
rt handle the arabs can move beyond the past and develop constructive engagements with pm modi, but indian politicians cant hashtag
handle absolutely right amit ji. this is a very strong statement by namo. we r so proud of him.
numrtpm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url the cricket stadium in dubai where prime mini
rt handle first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at handle event in dubai.
^~^ message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit
rt handle narendra modi je pm hindustan tourring some foreign country for boosting developement work & to make powerfull hindust
nearly num billion usd investment promised by uae to india says indian pm modi hashtag
waiting num modis speech hashtag hashtag
namo vs rajdeep strictly in that order! url
that too will happen url
this lovely grandmother was chanting modi modi holding welcome placard. so sweet of her. emoticon hashtag url
pm handle arrives at the venuecrowds go frenzy chanting modi modi
rt handle shame on obama. url
handle this is crime! no one can treat them like this. they r our saviour. our pride. yes modi must intervene and assure our breavhearts
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of url
modi speeches have always been inspiring hashtag. but rest of things still look the same.
hashtag turns into namo tonight
handle they intentionally used to avoid interviews or public discourses. now journos are tired and modi roaring.
hashtagspewing narendra modi never had a script to steer the country of aspiring youth into a great nation.
handle sahb will any pakistani pm will get the same reception or better then what the uae govt is giving to modi?hashtag
all whose intellignce was sleeping fr num yrs, r trnding hashtag num modi jst aftr num yr
extremely grateful to crown prince of abu dhabi, emirates and uae rulers, should every indian thank him? pm modi url v
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
url watch live to handle
thousands of muslims are present in dubai stadium to listen modi and cheering every agenda put in by him.
why target pakistan during your speech to indians? mr modi, you are obsessed with us. hashtag hashtag
this is the credit of mr. modi. thanks a lot. url
indian always played the key role num development in any part of the world but in our country they r just different url
debashis basu public sector banks mr modis nightmare?
modi saheb is asking numproof of his innocence
handle right now most of us are busy getting modified.
are their any provisions in our constitution to pay extra to a multi skilled pm? emoticon url
rt handle watch iima or international indian modi academy awards live here url
rt handle some of the biggest crooks in the profession the presstitutes url
handle wow great i love modi ji hashtag hashtag
rt handle wow what a welcome for modi in uae! this man is making india proud.dont know what was congress for so long! never even had
congi morons shud listen modi carefully. modi said why have we lost (gawaadiya) num yrs? which is correct statement n nothing wrong in it.
rt handle huge crowd at maharban namo
rt handle boss the modi , modi chant is too good and killing for adarsh liberal
perfect modi to drive through indian energy reforms url hashtag
rt handle handle handle handle time for modi to decide if he has to avoid foreign tours to save honour of motherland@handle
handle handle keep us posted we hate our reporters that are paid to report against modi
handle modi ji as you visited mosque in dubai and i request you pl once visi ramlala at aaodhya it will boost the confidence.
rt handle not bad for country hopping by namo ehh? hashtag url
cameron seems a long shot. perhaps to sweeten modis autumn visit to london. url
crowd num.num lakh crore.
modi wanna say uae is like mini india and india is like uae but congress has not done anything no? how india developed?
rt handle every child love modi ji. hashtag url
search topnum criminals of world hashtag
an extraordinary speech by prime minister modi. sir you rocked tonight in dubai handle hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle those discussing modi masjid and musalman will going to tell. our indian pm where to visit and whom to visit.
lalit modi brokering deal for sahara, arranging to sell its properties in us url
modi said today he sees a mini india in num people at the stadium
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans exservice chiefs write to pm modi on orop firstpost url
dsnadkarninum url pm modis address at investors meet at masdar city in abu dhabi
first sensible tweet on implications of marhaba namo. dont expect all msms to state this. url
india and uae are top priority for each other modi
rt handle in only num days an investment of num.num lakh crores and jitters, shock and a strong msg to pak and dawood, only namo can do it
lolol. exactly what you said handle url
hashtag wont work due to hashtag, so hashtag.
url modi visited a mosque. i loved this little jab in the article. sly rtp . url
rt handle live pm modi highlights govt.s initiatives in his address to indian diaspora in dubai url url
on pm modis numth aug chhai pe charcha with farmers of dhunela yogend url hashtag handle
as soon as modi said there is an govt in delhi who is working every where, handle jumped from his seat and started clapping
handle namo has arrived
handle modi ji is greatest pm evrr
pm narendra modi congratulates ace shuttler saina nehwal india today url
sheikh we have too much oil in uae.
more than num hashtag violations from the hashtag side since the hashtag government took office.hashtag
handle thanx for sharing feel of modis presence in the air some fragrance is airing here too )) handle
no disagreement there)) url
cant comment on what will happen. have to admire his work ethic and commitment and his desire to make a difference. url
hashtag inside the hashtag people are chanting modi modi modi hashtag hashtag via handle url
modi in dubai live vips start reaching venue; pm en route url hashtag
marhaba namo watch live streaming of modis speech at dubai stadium from this link.
foundation of trust between india and uae will last for years narendra modi
handle this is the modi we love. energitc, vbrant. thundering.
modi, modi chants fill the stadium after pm handle greets the malayali community in hashtag
the indian blood namo url
handle namo would rock in bihar tomorrow. url
rt handle num,num indian expats to hear modi at hashtag event in dubai the times of india url url
num years ago leaders did not understand what terror was narendra modi
handle handle & also they blabber modi did this modi did that. but when it comes to bashing they say modi ji bla bla bla.
handle who so ever writes modis speeches hire them
modi mitro fuck this shit. lets rock the world. hashtag
we have to credit modi. he did shun violence before coming to national mainstream
modi ji is a good pm of india
be so awesome that you unite all your haters. narendra modi.
handle great hospitality in uae. pm modis great success, go on sir!
pm congratulates saina nehwal prime minister narendra modi on monday congratulated ace indian shuttler saina url
mr. narendra modi url
even a tea cant be bought with one rupee nowadays hashtag
true. many need burnol today. hashtag url
pm modi currently in this form hashtag url
wow! handle addresses indians in uae and the response from them is just overwhelming. hey all are like modi modi modi! hashtag
rt handle modi talks about opening of bank accounts, insurance for the poor. handle
rt handle modi modi modi in uae mosque and they all watched it silently on tv channels.
hi aditya sinha autumnshade, do u want to get free iphnumne num today? please check my binum. thx url
pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan url via handle
rt handle the most electrifying man in politics. if you smell what the namo is cooking. emoticon url
pak being trolled mercilessly by namo, without even being mentioned once by name hashtag hashtag
yes that is the power of conviction modi carries with himeven sceptics will nod their head in agreement url
goduhind lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit url
but he is visible url
should modi speak about sushma swaraj too in uae ? hashtag handle
rt handle ohhh man salute to you modi brings num.num lakh cr from dubai.
ok. modi finished his speech without promising any reduction or cancellation of import duty on electronics for url
you are also terrorist modi url
modi presents $num trillion investment opportunites in india to uae
please send burnol to this lady. she needs it. emoticon hashtag url
hashtag good to see our muslim brethren vouching for pm modi. indias success knows no religion.
handle modi sirsir i m realy sad for bomb blast .they are not doing well .
rt handle since independence no one talked about toilets. modi did. but of course it is jumla. rtd hashtag
rt ndtv those who need to, will today understand our message on terror, says pm modi in dubai url
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment url
just heard handle asking handle why did modi ask for land for temple and not mosque in uae? hashtag
modis speach remind me the numt match. whole world is watching this interesting match and i am happy because url
rt ndtv today in dubai i am seeing a miniindia pm modi url
we are proud on pm modi ji
hashtag, arriving to listen to pm modi at dubai cricket stadium url
if modi was even num.num sincere & honest on his words, will u c handle as our education minister? url
handle the rockstar hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
namo sometimes seems to be russias former one, guess who? you may find the right answer.
is there a count on no. of rts modi has generated it will blow your mind
pm modi to announce special package for bihar? havent heard anything, says nitish patna with bjp leaders cl url
handle thought u were talking abt modis speech. emoticon
hashtag hashtag pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
rt handle modi cites nagaland agreement as an example to get people taking to terror to come and talk. message to all insurgents in ind
hashtag policies eat nonveg in hashtag but ban beef in hashtag url
handle the land alloted for mandir in abu dhabi is given way back in num when upa govt was in power modi taking credit now
nepal is our neighbour, and if they are unhappy then we are equally concerned narendra modi
handle hashtag how come handle not in dubai to cover modi guess he is scared to get hashtag again emoticon
narendra modi highlights indias humanitarian help to maldives when that nation is affected by water crisis
rt handle num crore people is not just a market, theyre a power. hashtag url
rt handle this hashtag just confirm only one thing
handle modi modi sir you are the only celebrity leader in world politicsnow no one are to compare with you .you are great.
superb speech by my pm
while you are watching modi in dubai, dont forget to read this piece that details why his visit is significant url
handle handle this will happen; if doesnt happen now under modi then i doubt congress cares. they didnt do this when in power.
rt handle hashtag modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in num years. can congress deny the fact? tweet your views live on hashtag
pm modi insults nation whenever he goes abroad, says hashtag ctags url url
looks good handle handle handle handle url
first pm to visit nepal in num years.
what about hashtag url
only channel newsnation is doing the best & sincere job of reporting on dubai tour of p.m.modi. rest are busy with rubbish criticising & ad
proud of my pm namo large gathering at dubai cricket stadium only for our pm namo ! dubai mein dhamaka url
overhaul of education system takes time. but what restricts govt from jobs & exams clean up? my post for handle
modi modi modi modi handle
rt handle usbased hindu students to honour pm narendra modi for yoga contributions url
we dont see the color of our passport, only the color of our blood is enough.
rt handle modi is praising prince crown so much i am worried sheikh mohammad will take him back home tonight
modi takes credit num. rtp
mr.modi meet even labour in labour camp . after num years we got land for temple. congress
rt handle cultural performances going on ahead of narendra modis arrival at hashtag hashtag community reception httpsemoticon
handle handle handle modi ji is a gud orator thats d reason he is so hit & his marketing team know how num use primetime
not only in dubai. many are wilting in jealousy even within india. url
pm modi disappoints supporters with lowkey speech url via handle
handle bjp gvt in state should be answerable! what is modi doing? lol!
rt handle tough competitor for kapil sharma. hashtag url
handle immediately needs a good speech writer. hashtag url
handle what about congress writing to obama about modi. what was that. what are they complaining about handle uae comment
rt handle india will have a bm & am era (before modi & after modi) hashtag url
hope modi makes ground level difference more than high rise speeches on foreign land
hehealways on the spot url
modi got $num billion usd for indian infra
he could have been elected earlier
url rt draksbond hashtag aaptards are getting rattled by modi jis visit to uae. reason url
rt handle pm modi says india to launch satellite for saarc nations next year hashtag
attack him if he doesnt deliver on promises
first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at handle event in dubai.
handle looks like a good initiative and you can help champion this url
handle handle no noits a pic of people waiting to receive rahu gandhi in thailand ! namo brigade is spreading false news
wow wht a power packed speech! like it or not;efforts on terror fructify or not;u got to salute modis energy in relentlessly promoting ind.
whatever it is , you cant deny the fact that modi is a good speaker handle hashtag
rt handle handle for indians it is jo bolta hai wahi bikta hai. rg cant talk shit. modi can talk all day.
rt handle i would like to request to pm narendra modi to solve mumbai local train issues.
num hashtag suicide aft knowing tht modi ji getin a huge response in hashtag.
rt handle jan bhagidari of team india under modi govt. has brought unprecedented citizen participation in governance. url
rt handle why pm modi failed to impress in his second iday speech url
shushmaji hear namo speech he has taken your job pls resign nd join cong. we will welcome u
handlehandle handlehandlehandle it shows ur rotton mnumnd only arnab may like it not others url
live coverage by malayalam janam tv of namo dubai event at cricket stadium
hashtag my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved families. hashtag namo amitabha buddha.
rt handle yes, its a baseless propaganda, but havent seen bjps response on this and that what gives credence to aapcon thugs url
dubai is not only mini india, but a mini world too pm modi hashtag
shows the power this man has! truly brilliant hashtag hashtag url
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp while condemning the killing of six civili url
rt handle and handle once a hashtag said modi can become pm if only elections are held on twitterfb hashtag https
lolnow we have some insurance expert on tl saying it is bad after modi promoting it kejri ke chamche bhi raita failane lage.
rt handle this handle is now an anachronism. should be changed to handle or handle url
because its modis day hashtag
rt handle pm modis articulation of his reception at the airport reflects his understanding of the indian experience of living in th
never has a recent indian leader connected with people across the globe so effectively yielding resultshashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
its funny to see people who gave num years of india to the gandhi family are trending narendra modi as hashtag just after a yr .
speech dekh lo sath me twitter url
rt handle joint statement of crown prince of uae mohamed bin zayed ai nahyan and prime minister narendra modi url
modi charisma here there everywhere we r proud to hv u as pm handle
rt handle government has launched madad & emigrate portal to provide consular help to indians abroad hashtag
what a speech u r giving at uae. just truly stunning. namo namo
rt handle now burj khalifa also welcome modi ji in dubai hashtag url
really enjoying hospitality url
this will also not work modi ji.
rt handle pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin
if modi gvt. keeps ppl deprived of their rights, whats wrg advani ji saying it tobe like emergency hashtag hashtag
had ministry of labour, uae, declared a day off to migrant workers to attend marabha modi or was it the business commu
your very great modi ji
rt handle in india, num percent of the country is below num years of age. india is a young nation pm modi url
rt handle noooo sachiiinnnnn sacccccchhhhhiiinnn sacccccchhhhhiiinnn url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united arab url
modi will always be first pm to visit any
handle as i was watch aaj taak modi masjid debate not a single temple was destroyed in valley tell bjp spokesman read india today
marhaba hashtag brilliant show at uae!
rt handle because world must know power of india and how we are growing hashtag url
rt handle modi, modi chants fill the stadium after pm handle greets the malayali community in hashtag
handle modi is another word for it!
handle my great wishes to honorable pm ,modi jee for great india to be a clean india ,corruption free india.
little knlg is very dangerous thing bro grow your knowledge delhi is capital of india arvind ek k s state ka cm h url
thank god, modiji could not speak arbi. he knows french.
hashtag seeing the way sm respond to this modi stupidityim sure india will be numrd wrld country for many years to come
handle handle handle any comments url
a tough fight against terrorism indouae joint resolution the world welcomes this namo initiative hashtag
listen to thatcher. listen to reagan. and then listen to modi.
rt handle hashtag never visited a mosque in hashtag, his followers destroy mosqueschurches. but in hashtag, first stop is a mosque url
fact. waiting for the punchline. url
around numk people gathered to hear modi ji hashtag
rt handle a lt colonel tweets critical to arvind kejriwal gets about numk rts
rt handle parallel universe mr. modi does everything adarsh liberals expect him to do.
pm to address num,num indians at dubai stadium. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle does vast majority mean num who dont like modi?cause modi has a num approval rate. handle
handle exclusive pic of frustrated handle going la la land after seeing crowd at uae in namo speech url
times change and so do nations.
grt modi like ur way of ruling url
take some time off from hashtag and read about what just happened in hashtag
rt handle pm modi says indian community welfare fund started to help indians under duress hashtag
rt handle people are betting in dubai on the number of times modi will say mitro during his speech.
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai tonight num developments prime minister narendra modi will today address a massive indian
was watching a kid giving tv bytes on modi. kiddo said, she loves modi cartoons bachey bhagwan ka roop! hashtag
more than num thousands people gathered at dubai cricket stadium to listen namo hashtag
handle sachin never played at dubai he played only at sharjah, isnt it so modi wins here too !
hamid karzai soon will be eliminated , he is literally sucking modis .
modi in dubai so far land for temple in uae, num.num lakh cr investment in india, cooperation against terror
rt handle pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights url
today num$ = num.num rs , where is ravi shankar? who said num$ will be numrs when modi comes to power! hashtag url
rt handle modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board url
rss promoting good terrorism thats why nia decided not to challenge swami assemanands bail plea url
handle this mean you listning modi too.
hashtag secular dogs have no answer for modi exceptional leadership
handle when right hand helps left hand does not get to knowthis is indian culture mr modi
hey prateeeek prateekjr wanna get iphnumne num for free? kindly check my binum. thanks url
rt handle more than num,num nonresident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium url url
handle there will be some you will be always bothered about them,should they stop their progress and give up sovereignty for you mr modi
hblc is modi changing his tune? the prime ministers second iday speech made some references to communal har url
uae support india for unsc.
handle handle which person will read so closely! it is being marketed as todays paper response to modi in uae!
cant miss visuals of bohra muslims at each and every modi event. true followers commendable.
modi pays hugesum num cme
rt timesnow if he (modi) has such a great agenda, he has to deliver tom vadakkan, congress hashtag
handle handle is this the same adani, who use to be modi friend ? handle url
handle handle u r to good. modi love to hear you speak you should ask papu to listen n learn from u
bihar yeaning for complete transformation can modi be the answer? url
broadcast commences pm modi can arrive at the venue at any moment from now watch live url hashtag
crown prince of uae has decided to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india, says pm modi. hashtag hashtag hashtag
modi ji should be best awarded with self promotion & selfies! hashtag url
all said and done narendra modi reminds you why its good to be an indian. hashtag
nearly num lakh crore investment promised by the uae pm modi hashtag
hashtag due to pm modi handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
whod have thought? the same internet hindus who identified modi as pm material in num period itself re url
else nochnce tht ppl comejst num hearhim
num population in uae are indian. and dont have strategic partnership, biggest chutiyapa ever. thnx namo ur real leader. hashtag
handle no comments from hm and modi why.shameless and less patriot we got
& indias gdp grew by num due to this propaganda. url
rt handle world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says modi.
rt handle hashtag ameer das also added few other names like sushil kumar modi and others from the same group.
hashtag live in uae url
bet u if you doesnt get goosebumps
handle singing for modi at last you are his fan now
america has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but modi haters be still so angry and unable to let go of their hate. sad.
true handle breaking modi wins kerala assembly. hashtag
whatever modi might claim, india will become really advance when people wont act like crazy when they are shown on big screen.
rt handle make balanced statements, dont embarrass pm modi vhp to leaders after a barrage of controversial statement url
those who use bombs and guns will never benefit you or others or rtpm narendra modi ji hashtag
it shows, proves that hashtag has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage secular politics hashtag
can handle flourish nd cherished such typ of nthusiastic audiences evn a bg slap on congrs nd other who sought wrng abt modi against relgn
crowd very enthused about musical performances so far. same troupe that performed for modi in germany. hashtag
rt handle during nepal earthquake, india did not wait a second to offer assistance narendra modi
rahul gandhi talking to media modi is also using cheat sheet for his speech. reading something in malayalam
rt handle just heard handle asking handle why did modi ask for land for temple and not mosque in uae? hashtag
rt handle modi have ordered embassy in uae to resolve technical issues reg emigrate within num days. handle
who is trending hashtag
rt handle hashtag visit is a turning point in our relationship with the arab world. and narendra modi has come out as a winner!
handle what does this cartoon mean is he saying to pakistan? url
ohhh man salute to you modi brings num.num lakh cr from dubai.
live watch pm modi in uae imf, world bank said that among leading nations india is f url url
bakuda, sona na bhaav down che, mari mate ek chain kharidi le
handle all your efforts to dislodge modi gonna reach a figure sibal is fond off that is naught
rt handle crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag http
rt handle the only (neighboring) nation hashtag hasnt directly addressed is hashtag samajhdar ko ishara kaafi hai this is not ap
hindus liking to communal modi clearly depicts the extremism in india.
handle dada are you talking about nrindra modi ?
latest one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu the indian expre url hashtag
handle modi wud deliver if we didnt nd d oppositn to tag along inls nd rswhr congr fr its war agnst modi isnt allowg india to move on
we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm narendra modi hashtag url
rt handle pm modi says there are many opportunities for the cos to make in india hashtag
rt handle so, scrap elections & lets crown lalu yadav as cm of bihar because handle will be upset if bjp wins
will modi answer why num customers left bsnl in one year?
handle handle no need to show what he says num of india work in inhuman conditions in gulf hope modi refers to it
handle after indian approval now world acknowledged the electrifying effect narendar modi ji undoubtedly is the nonum leader of world
modi must have hoarded onions in gujarat
the joke was true last pm was in silent mode n now modi ji is in flight mode . he is just roaming one country to another. thats it
live now on namma tv url
rt handle the indian diaspora had been largely forgotten, relegated to pravas bhartiya diwas ceremonies.but now namo has arrived t
artists dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero hashtag url
dream merchant does not interact even with num.num common indian in a moth even url
handle handle handle pity, her hate for modi has blinded her to see anything worthwhile
it just didnt end there. reporter goes to that kids mom, and she says meri beti modi ji ke saare cartoons dekhti hai. wtf moment!
rt handle when pm modi visited num muslim countries in july, handle said they arent real muslim countries. hope uaes cer
prime minister, shri narendra modi, url
rt handle aaptards, cong & hashtag will need lot of burnol today as well. dubai stadium all set to give grand welcome to pm mo
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs num lakh cr; url hashtag hashtag url
badal can just satisfy drug addicts & modi can empower such addicts.
uae supports india since num url hashtag
rt handle it has been our endeavour to take india to greater heights narendra modi
rt handle me in num give modi just five years! only five! just five! five!
handle handle handle and this way india pm modi conquered the heart and embossed the mind of dubai with indianness.
rt handle thousands of muslims cheering num modi in uae todaynd modi need not wear skull cap
& see what modi says just to side with hindus
handle u never abused modi ji?
check this handle pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has url hashtag hashtag
namo is a rockstar man.
indians queers the pitch at dubai stadium. thanks to modi marching with numk strong army.
rt handle lalit modi to help sahara in selling its properties in us url
rt handle paid tweets for defaming modi.
handle well guess what, i am actually a modi supporter but kinda frustrated on how the city is falling apart in the rains
mesmerised listening modi finally we have a mard pm.
full text of former service hashtag letter to pm modi on orop url hashtag url
handle handle he will come out with another case to keep gandhis away,modi to stay
handle congress frustrated on modis charm
modi in dubai live thousands queuing up outside to enter the stadium url
rt handle watch how hashtag handle handle handle handle handle handle url
india and the uae step up strategic and economic cooperation
rt handle you said it )) url
this is cheap publicity stunt (defame modi) adopted by pimps like you and other aaptards
narendra modi sir speech influence all indians which stay in different countries
hashtag that he still thinks there is no hashtag
rt handle hashtag modis name crops up in saharasebi dispute bnum sc. sahara broker he was asked num call modi on fixg price num property
rt handle may be modi wanted gujarati thali.the host is happy,guest is happy but modi haters need something to chew & spit.
handle handle handle handle handle just coz they have asked for their due n caused discomfort num modi u lost rsp
plz get a gd designer fr modi handle url
malayalees will hv to choose between pinarai and chandy,two devils looking at them with smiles to finish them off url
handle just came across your article here url
hashtag pm modi warned citizens about the hidden & antinational agenda of antinational ngos. url
live it took num years for an indian pm to come to uae, says modi url via url
the sadness of indian msm n modi.he gets rockstar reception among expats inspite of their attempt f running him down.
sorry nris you are being hated as of now by indian intellectuals also known as libtardsmaybe post modi visit they will calm down.
handle handle true! a valid reason behind for all visit. salute modi ji.
hashtag dieisase jyada ka to hm scam karte the
handle i can imagine handle hahaha rofl url
rt handle happy journey handle and welcome back url
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
handle many pakis who matter must watched namos speech. hard to imagine where all it has hit them hard handle
looks like the only thing congress knows to do is cry and create a scene towards everything that modi does. fucking idiots.
was modi invited ? didnt dare to invite. why find fault with modi? url
nris demanding abolition of ipc numa during modis speech in uae
people chanting modi modi from dubai for our pm modi ji hashtag url
rt handle pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates. url hashtag hashtag hashtag
for the next month,no mention of modi if it comes on my tl,i will ignore it.
rt handle modi he came he conquered
^~^ pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai at num.num pm num developments
modi now talks of kabuliwala! indias love for afghans! tagore must be so pleased! hashtag
sick of people tweeting and accusing modi about issues like flooding of roads and stuff. whilst they are imp issues,
rt handle handle handle how great !
rt handle modis hashtag speech begins. frenzy, as always. hashtag
thanks uae for first hindu temple.
hashtag excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag url
indias biggest stupid found a challenger to pappu > handle
sonia the guest of india.
prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took plac hashtag
.handle but our namo is the man jo karde unhoni ko honi
he touched every country and every heart. proud of you mr.pm handle
as modi wipes his forehead, under the many folds of his url
pm of india sh modi ji again rocks in dubai. he mentioned in his lecture about development of assam & north east in foreign land. good sign
confession i have way too much fun whenever modi visits overseas. memes ki dukaan lag jaati hai lol.
handle seems the vdo is deliberately cropped to hide chants of modi modi. get a life times now.
via narendra modi app url
i will watch full speech of modi jihashtag
rt handle muslims in india just do drama of islam.
rt handle fervently hoping modi ends speech by shouting with arms spread wide lets riot!
num.numcr population is not just market to be exploited but a strength by itself. pm modi
rt handle the indian in dubai opens his you are enhancing indias pride pm hashtag tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium
rt handle after num years, we held peace talks with those who engaged in terrorism pm hashtag url httpemoticon
a new scheme incentivising hashtag fans and air conditioners to be launched soon by the modi hashtag url
rt handle real result of modis num months slump in corporate earnings to continue url
handle handle i can see the realitytht every modi bhakt started as devlpment torch bearer r nw reduced to mere communal agnt
tweet speaks fr itself modi rocksamazing ability to connect imdtly url
india havent got prime minister like narendra modi hashtag hashtag
rt handle getting hashtag can be modis greatest victory handle url hashtag
no doubt that mr modi is a dream come true of the nation ,though its time that concrete results start to come.
rt handle where are morons (political pundits in modis lingo) who said modi will grapple with foreign policy? hashtag
retweeted rvaidya (handle)
only awaiting to see if the hashtag wave becomes a tsunami or is swallowed in the indian storm of legacy politics url
hashtag a messiah, true leader and a great statesman who is changing the worlds perspective towards india
modi ethan hunt of bjp the new impossible mission force for doing the impossible, hashtag handle handle handle
rt handle pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi hashtag
modi took people from india to fill stadium dont believe this crowd your faithfully pappu,diggy,sanjay jha etc
good terrorist babu bajrangi, aseemanand others
hashtag and modi modi in all the hearts!
modi visits worlds first carbonfree masdar city
and they claimed modi wave is officially over hashtag url
pm modi not told to dubai peoples , that he had broken the ex. soldiers head in dehli. url
dubai has seen sand storms but now its modi storm hashtag
bhakts r thinking modis speech in dubai will help him win elections again. didnt happen in delhi, wont happen in bihar & up hashtag
url pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates.
rt handle modi handshake leaves workers speechless url
handle handle handle stunning visualreal messiah has arrived. moveover everyonemodi ji has arrived.
in medias opinion, modi has gotten every country he visited to invest in india after impressing them in one bloody visit. seriously, die.
pm modi will have a sore throat by the time this event is over.
prime minister narendra modi speech from dubai cricket stadium today num at num.numpm live telecast online now at url
rt handle (video) url
rt handle fdi flow has gone up by num per cent in last num months pm modi hashtag
handle they had a problem when modi halted sec level talks, they have problems with talks now. cry babies. handle
handle modi ji says india has changelast one yearis it really
pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra modi on a twoday url
despite modis effort to clean the country, visitors to indias tallest waterfall are yet to get the message.
truth is that she wishes raga was pm & modi was still the cm of gujarat who msm could milk for num
i hate this sau crore lakh crore counting of indians url
sheikh zayed mosque is not a mosque & these people have gathered for hashtag event because they hate modi. url
pm modi thanks uae for supporting indias candidature for permanent membership of un security council hashtag
modi hitting all over the park
handle handle handle handle handle handle very frustrated & convulsing anti modi dna url
handle modi ke batting is bullshit
rt handle indian prime minister narendra modi on a num day visit to the uae.
stadium filling up. fast for modi in dubai. url
modi visits num countries in num months url url
most gratifying sight hashtag across hashtag gleefully posing for hashtag handle! handle url
rt handle my tl is flooded with pro modi tweets and that too from hashtag
handle hashtag pm modi, we all are with you.
narendra modi in uae i need to erase the deficit of num years, pm tellsbuyers url
stadium is at num capacity at numrtnumpm twice the public still waiting outside gates hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
pm modi insults nation whenever he goes abroad, says congress url
rt handle new hashtag temple planned following indian prime minister narendra modis visit handle url http
pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat dna url url hashtag
handle are sir numrtnum pm ist modi will address
rt handle marhaba namo in hashtag! the gates will open in num minutes! this map and info might help you hashtag url
pm sud hire sum credible speech writers. seems his current ones r either hashtag educated or yale irani writes num him url
rt handle handle watching, hearing modi ji in dubaioverseas is not less than watching a cricket,fifa world cup finaltr
finally modi took name of someone from gandhi familyhuge relief
india facing terrorist problems after great indira,now numst aawtar namo,who taking decision good num india.sonia rahul pls keep mum num bharatmat
hashtag in that stadium bnum it was hashtag hashtag today it is hashtag hashtag
rt handle i am proud that i was born in the era when modi was our pm hashtag
handle who doesnt like hashtag may i know the reason! hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
rt handle uae in its history has first time allowed a politician frm other country to deliver speech. this is hashtag effect. hashtag
all sickulars must be having a stroke seeing crowd in modis speech cheering him and supporting him.
rt handle imagine dubai is seeing a massive traffic jam due to num people rushing to hear the indian pm modi speak at his public rece
you cannot hear modi and not get inspired this is the leader that young india needs modi modi
handle hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir hashtag url
modi loads his speech in such a way, he addresses one consituency of people. a political stateman, unparellelled in history. hashtag
num+ people gathered just for a speech in dubai. it is possible only if u r narendra modi
hashtag hashtag how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent hap url hashtag hashtag
handle nobody trolls better than pm modi url
rt handle modi in dubai live vips start reaching revenue; pm enroute url
i am neither tired nor retired general (r) hameed guls message to modi before his death url
rt handle crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag url
the chest size he says he has is actually copied from sunny leone
pm modi live at dubai cricket stadium
congress blood boiling
rt handle here comes the catch word hashtag.
rt handle difference between marketing and sales
lol where are those who said if modi becomes pm, aag lag jayegi! hashtag url
hashtag tremendous hospitality n reception hosted by the uae govt. in welcoming pm modi is amazing n heartwarming. i salute uae govt.
if you couldnt make it to the dubai international cricket stadium to watch namo make this historic speech, you url
modi is a mass leader than a politician hashtag hashtag
y anti bjp who is curpt there in modi govt. whereas all crpt othr side.
namo wins heart again. no pseudo promises, just all heart when he speaks. he has born to rule the world. hashtag hashtag
the modi is very knownloge all world rech .aneway.num india most world .yes
looks like this guy was tweeting too much in favour of modi. cant trust him, he can be a potantial bhakt. url
rt handle handle congis will have to eat and drink burnol to heal the wounds after the uae visit of namo!
see ! watch ! listen these are all the halfbreeds that ruled india all these years url
huge gathering outside stadium
a touch of the the keralite culture! url
rt handle most amazing style of pm narendra modi
compare mms with hashtag
hashtag pm narendra modis uae visit quick take august num, num at numrtnumam url hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm modi in uae india, uae to strengthen defence relations via exercises & defence mfg hashtag
handle handle handle handle handle u mean say the muslims who supportes modi nt belongs to islam
modis dubai address.our pm is brilliant.i am sure even ak will agree.on this one every indians chest fills with pride!thats our modi!
rt handle for kind information handle handle handle url
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url hashtag ndtv achedinaanewale
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. hashtag hashtag hashtag
is this the pm of india talking or a frontline bjp leader on a campaign? no statesmanship or sense of the collective. only imemy
handle last para his speach gave dukhi aatmas stnrong msg, this govt cares abt indians and pios anywhere in the worldhail namo
rt handle really un believable url
modi is wonderful orator. he speaks only as much content as mms would speak, but his rhetoric is at par with hindi vir ras literature.
modi bluffed earlier he has m.a. degree, actually he is all the fake credentialshe is a habitual liar hashtag
rt handle an important part of pm narendra modis visit is nabbing long term target dawood.
num,num shouting modi modimodi . never seen this before hashtag hashtag
rt handle no one can match modi ji
handle aap leader alka lamba abuses pms late father damodardas modi on twitter. pls take note of it.
handle handle respect to the great leader our pm namo.
so as usual my father says chang s channel to handle and anti modi wil b thr at handle show hes so predictable
rt handle ed chief who is a relative of diggy scuttling probe in national herald case handle url
its starts handle handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag handle handle url
handle mr narendra modi is real son of indai. i see your uae visiting officialese picture god save you
rt handle marhaba modi.
we work,not with an arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development pm modi in dubai
modi has delegated power to ministers & are accountableperformance monitored. upa didnt function due to dual power without accountability
rt url kunjdesai rt dna hashtag twitter reacts to prime minister narendra modis speech url
is this really a kind of ?
burning raga, bomb blast in bangkok and another in his heart when he sees and hears namo chants hashtag
handle he (modi) is the greatest event manager that free india has ever seen tom vadakkan, congress hashtag kuch naya hai toh bol
handle handle handle ofcourse we know that owaisi, iumls voters wont go there. i dont think modi has gone there to address them
a blow to the pseudosecularists,modis speech in dubai receives significant muslim praise hashtag hashtag url
sydney to seattlemodi h
bjp should boycott stupid noise hour
rt handle narendra modis speeches are so inspiring. hashtag
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment url hashtag hashtag
i will not believe in this modi show if this ended without brought to you by wizcraft in association with manikchand pan masala.
handle url ,also modi promised swearing the tricolor. expectations r high from him
handle handle some people are bound to oppose whatever modi saysmodi rocks jai bharat
rt handle because media is not acknowledging, what pm modi is contributing to india , indians all over the world comes together to ensu
handle very nice speech modi ji
temple, investment, terrorism, unscmemnbrshp, janlokpalmodi is truly playing with slave workers soft feelings hashtag hashtag
who really cares if he url
if all the nris become a virtual nation, modi is their president for ever. luckily or unluckily, we r not in that matrix.
handle saw modi jis speech hw did u fine it?
india salivating over modis uae visit in general and the joint statement in particular url
hahahahahaha, gd jokehandle modi in rtindia,uae to strengthen cooperation in law enforcement,antimoneylaundering hashtag
pm narendra modi offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to uae the economic times on mobile url
handle brilliant india never had had such a prime minister as narendra modi
narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium to address the crowd url url
handle what are you talking abt man? our pm modi have already declared that businessmen take more risk than soldiers. priorities hashtag
rt handle modiji are you such a weak pm that while holding the topmost post of the country you have to talk of emergency? httpsemoticon
whats next modi sud meet allah himself to prove ?
discerning people appreciate the qualities of a person; foreigners, not blinded by indian politicians & hashtag bias, adulate namo.
visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque by pm modi is an aspect of the bihar poll rtcongress url
video pm modi urges uae to invest inindia pm modi urges uae to invest in india prime minister narendra url
handle does his magic again in uae.
rt handle cultural show at dubai cricket stadium ahead of narendra modis arrival hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle ironic that hashtag gives a mosque tour to an extremist pm hashtag accused of destroying mosques & churches in hashtag url
hashtag narendra modi takes over the front pages of uae newspapers url via handle
vote on the poll modi ji dubai visit on url hashtag url via handle
handle that modi will sweep bihar(?)
haeeeennn lul lul lul .
rt handle handle handle modi visited many muslim countries before uae u sickulars just want to criticize modi
he (r gandhi) is the greatest circus clown that free india has ever seen.
handle going against vadra will be perceived as a personal attack on gandhi family. so i think modi will be avoiding it.
handle handle so early ? modi ji expected to speak around numrtnum pm ist. no
rt handle modi should be talking about terrorism while enjoying company of arab shiekhs. they have done enough to terrorise entire
handle modi has no achievements to talk so still hard selling num victory which was anyway due num sponsorship of crony capitalists
uae to raise investments to rs num trillion in india hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi is a rockstar,
to address a huge croud in dubai url
prime minister modi was trying to make relationalship among all people of world
rt handle modi ji is in his element when addresing large crowds,he is a natural political speaker,has content and connect for his a
rt handle ass on fire handle url
n india is ashamed of u, for ur spelling mistake url
handle lalit modi reaction to this picture hashtag hashtag url
hashtag is a confused person. u r absolutely right url
rt handle dream merchant does not interact even with num.num common indian in a moth even url
handle he is modi not congi who are the slaves of a foreigner
rt handle the way modi is sucking up to the crown prince, he deserves the hashtag tag more than any other indian leader hashtag
nic spich for modi in uae
uae alot land for temple, pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple.
rt handle all credit for this goes to rajiv gandhi who was the numst indian to ever count successfully from num to num. url
num dawood has nightmares about modi seizing his accounts?
rt handle modi is the modern lawrence of arabia
rt handle all news channels suspend their primetime telecasts & showing handle live hashtag hashtag. modi deeply eng
rt handle . handle modi is busy in taking selfies and we are busy in giving final touches to kala parinda
pm modi addresses num,num indians in dubai, starts with bharat mata ki jai
hashtag terrorism, uae investment in india, digs at pak key takeaways from pm modis dubai s url hashtag
indians in uae were looked upon in suspicion thanks to dawood. modi brought them respectability .
modi has already crossed series d funding i guess. with the amount he has raised his designation should be cofounder & ceo, india hashtag
handle around prime timemodi ji master aadmi hainlol
indias greatest rockstar pm ever narendra modi does a madison square again in dubai. unbeatable.
handle pm modi at its best in dubai. india is feeling proud to have pm like this. modi rocks
the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo url
it is hashtag for hashtag & hashtag for hashtag & madmoment for rioters in hashtaghashtag
major traffic jam on al khail road. all going to see hashtag in hashtag url
rt handle the crown prince receiving me at the airport with all five brothers is the greatest honour i have ever received pm hashtag
num;;media including all oppon.indulged in leg pulling and attacking modi ,through personal remarkabuse.no valid criticism,
handle really appreciate your updates on namo love and respect from india
handle after pm indiragandhi,our presidents have visited uae but due to reasons pm bajpayee etc couldnt.so pl modi ji think before
modi! modi! euphoric crowd is calling its leader in unison. hashtag
modi picks on hashtag. somebody in the stadium start shouting maggimaggi
uae has promised to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi hashtag
rt handle modi is the best among all current politicians when it comes to deliver speech ,
in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. , url via url url
the sham of us democracy that refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo shaker aamer is the l url hashtag
pm modis statement regarding terrorism is pretty clear, and the ball is now in pakistans court jayadeva ranade url
rt handle mood in india changes as modis shine fades
handle handle handle bjp win in bihar would give certificate to anti muslim rantings of modi
handle coz you are modi lover handle
finally sagarika ghose will feel happy about modi
there are trolls, us the rw trolls and then there is our godfather narendra modi trolls only from overseas for maximum reach.
the crown prince has promised an investment of num.num lakh crores in india pm modi url
modi was wearing an orange saffron scarf too. the message is quite clear dont tread on hindus.
rss hashtag destroys mosques in india, & then visits muslim countries hashtag to beg for funds investment to run india.
ndtv the joint statement between our nations is extremely pleasing pm modi in dubai url url
hashtag hashtag modi live in dubai at dubai cricket stadium, marhaba namo event at least num buses will operate url
rt madmanweb pm flies all the way to uae to get indian food. url
pm modi says asking the world to come & make in india hashtag
hashtag is rocking it in dubai. from cm of gujarat to world class leader numday.
handle isnt modi govt trying to do expectation management.
rt handle modi stand for m mission o organised d development i for india mission organised and development num india hashtag
rt handle all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to anybody
hashtag modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate one must remember th url
pm narendra modi speaking at dubai cricket stadium (photo courtesy ani) hashtag url
rt handle best thing happened on cricket stadium is modis speech. hashtag
somebody said modi is known only in gujrat url
rt handle worst weekend num handle
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url
handle u.a.e. ipl modi sarkar this pics shows my tweet on num april num handle url
true, always has the right tricks up his sleeve, simply adorablehashtag url
handle well modi is repeating wat was already said by others. copy paste at its best.
handle and stop being such a bore! friends can hv a perfectly light hearted banter on sm without it being a comment on modi handle
what a branding of india by modi !
handle handle handle rajdeephow are u feeling after listening namo today?
all the work done by modi kept in closet by english media tilldate,modi intelligently made them show in num hr,eng media will not sleep today
interesting review of how modi has delivered against his num commitments including make in india url
rt handle the crown prince has promised an investment of num.num lakh crores in india pm modi url url
handle modi is man of the modified in world
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle daffer if yhe credential of adani is good not requir
here comes the heartthrob handle hashtag
rt handle this man is simply amazing! a rockstar pm! namo \ hashtag
amazing speechfeeling proud to have pm like modi hashtag
whats going on? pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india url get leads > url
modi rocks pseudo secular shocks
when modi shoots pak, the bullet is found from handle ass. url
hashtag i am very much confident let d time come modi& doval combo will teach pakistan lesson of dere life .
handle handle a bird tweet tweeted
ndtv his highness the crown prince was present with all his five brothers at the airport url url
rt handle all d hashtag comparing hashtag mosque visit with bihar poll, if modi wanted attention, he would have visited
handle handle in the stadium and euphoria, that is reverberated with namos vibration is something else. only to feel it live, from dubai*
handle numk it looks like bihar election speech bhakts modi magic. hashtag
.handle handle aaptard modi actually wanted to tell everyone that a for adani comes before b for business emoticon
rt handle a temple in uae, a world yoga day, modis rockstar welcomes across the world means nothing to us. where are the promised b
rt handle it took only num mins to travel nepal. but v took num years to visit nepal
rt handle actually yes! url
those ppl who feel modi is travelling across world should see how much money he is getting to india big slap to critics
you are enhancing indias pride pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium. hashtag hashtag hashtag
after winning hearts & diplomatic mileage elsewhere in the world, namo is concentrating on west asia.hes steady & good at foreign relations
pradhanmantri jeevan beema vyapam.
in india, to bring crowd of numthousand is tough for any politician (even after paying money. modi manage to gather crowd of numk in dubai pnum
a month before uae was bloody terrorist,anti india country for faku url
modi haha. ya. anyway, where is camera? url
pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium. handle handle url
we have just enough religion num make us hate,but not enough num make us love num another.handle visits mosque in uae,hindus unhappy?hashtag.
rt handle modi has given a lot of work to diplomacy experts worldwide by knocking pak from the land of beloved sheikhs
handle why not modi is missing melmon of medagaskar cartoon
rt handle .handle modi is acutely aware that every word he utters about religion in india or abroad will be dissected http
*modi doesnt visit masjid*
i have been thinking and feeling ashamed of pm modiwho dont know that abroad is not the place to play politics. url
hashtag is now trolling pressitutes n liberals b getting public to thank crown prince for temple modi teri lathi mein awaz toh hai
rt handle i want to tell neighbouring countries that it is only through talks and discussions that problems can be solved modi httpemoticon
ughhopposition guys u suck like anythingstop whining over everything modi does hashtag
handle off late, one more trend has started. some idiots criticize namo in a sophisticated manner to appear as rw intellectual.
mamaa chup ,jake pogo dekho.
rt handle read and watch the highlights of pm narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium.
maybe modi haters should form their own little country so they can boo modi when he visits ?
rt handle people would very soon realise importance of dr manmohan singhs silence & his contribution in indias growth. url
url my guess, zee doing this for modi.
rt handle modi is mocking congress govt on foreign soil. narrow minded attitude. congress govt is not indian culture, which can be mo
never been to a political rally all my life. this is my first, the urge to watch our pm modi speak hashtag url
how to explain a topic in a way dat everyone concentrates only on u? ans u should watch modi sir n learn frm it. hashtag handle
congress slams modi for targeting previous govts on foreign soil the prime minister, who is the uae, said, i have got some problem
modi in uae num ways in which pm modi received a fancy welcome fyi, news india today url
handle hashtag modi warns pakistan indirectly .
mr modi v left u in num to follow allah and his prophet, v never left u to join u again. handle handle handle
friends there is sever power cut in bihar during pm modi speech in uae.
modi is mr. india ~ sources
hats off namo. it takes courage to stand up as a pm and refer to your life as a tea seller. salute
rt handle this is a sick headline. do not editorialise a genuine bilateral state visit. moreover, dont demean indias pm. httpsemoticon
tnum going by large swathes of indian diaspora at modi events, he has a better chance of getting elected from overseas in next polls.
num,num people in a muslim country attending the event of antimuslim modi. just think. hashtag hashtag
rt handle dont want to hear modi in dubaiwant to hear modi on orop
handle no no. first namo sir. aadmele time enadru ulidre lets go shopping together
live updates pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai.
modi talking to nris in the uae on freedom ah. this and all too over.
rt handle if not for twitter, my world is filled with uncles & aunties who are mad namo fanboys. this is like the attitude era equivale
handle . hi handle , r u attending the namo event in dubai? u will learn how to speak without notes so pls do attend
handle handle ask modi to set things right then
probably can say india in asl reply of omegle url
hashtag hashtag pm narendramodi takes veiled swipe at hashtag over hashtag url url
rt handle what does this even mean? url
rt handle hashtag telecast marhaba namo forward together hashtag
handle handle after a long time d same respect i have fr you is back again. good one rahul ji. now join d modi brigade ! v need you
rt handle brilliant speech by modi! the right amount of anger against terrorism, the right amount of pride towards india. tooooo goo
no news channel can ignore modi speech whether its in india or uae. hashtag
rt handle ha ha,one guy went overboard while commenting on the way the food is served to pm modi by sanjeev kapoor hashtag url
missed modis live speech in dubai? follow the highlights here url handle hashtag url
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi ndtv url url hashtag
rt handle handle handle handle yeah! your pappu opens all his opening for mr. modi along with ur sonia aunty!
are you for the hashtag of hashtag or url
i wonder what these countries feel when modi stands in the midst of vande mataram chants, on their soil!
hashtag hashtag created online platform for hashtag assisting hashtag around the globe! url
thank you handle sir perfectly analysed url
rt handle modi ji u r one man army hashtag
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp jammu the j&k nationalist congress party url
rt handle land for temple was already donated in num. looks like, modi tried to fool the people yet again hashtag http
handle handle handle wat is timing of namos speech in dubai?
narendra modi become numnd person to get such overwhelming response after sachin in uae. hashtag
handle are you attending modi s event?
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis and now num modi
rt handle amazing scenes in dubai, num,num indians heading to the cricket stadium today and not a bat or ball in sight hashtag http
strong stand against terrorism! modi is the global leader with outstanding courage and a fearless attitude! hashtag
modi trolling pakistan at their adopted home ground. the audacity samjne vale ko ishara chahiye
joint statement between d india & uae
handle handle congis pm if in middle east wld wear skull cap num prove their sickularism.shameless,learn something frm namo handle
a decision has to be taken are you with terrorism or with humanity hashtag
handle tats modi , for him its business nothing else, india first. india in safe hands
handle bro, been observing your tweets and rts over the time, whats the reason for your hatred towards modi?
rt handle much like arrow piercing juliets heart killing romeo. url
pm modi uae has promised to invest num.num lk cr in india
handle its another aspect and i can be more than harsh for it on modi
burnol out of stock in india url
rt handle modis address to a packed crowd of num thousand indians in dubai. strengthening ties between india & uae, proud moment for
rt handle hashtag is in hashtag & supporters are chanting his name. does numinch chest guy have guts to ask why no temples allowed in hashtag?
handle not a devotee.but i will say his speeches are becoming longer.always seems to be in election mode.modi melodrama.
rt handle handle around prime timemodi ji master aadmi hainlol
no wonder the most stupid pm hashtag of india has the most stupid followers on planet earth. hashtag deserves this pm. hashtag hashtag
rt handle companies in uae giving half day leaves num hashtag. even arranging bus services num their staff. this is the kind of ex
now listen numproof partnumclip
top stories google pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple times of url
rt handle hashtag modi makes every indian proud url
hashtag cock teasing hashtag with huge investment opportunities and whatnot. url
rt handle modi offers $numtrn investment opportunities to uae businesses url
icwwf fund has been announced by modi. hashtag
eight initiatives under digital india eight initiatives taken by modi government under digital india programme url
while standing on muslim dominated country only hashtag has gutts to talk abt terrorism & taliban. hashtag
handle handle salute u sir.
as someone pointed out u needed an election to select modi against this dumb guy url
rt handle people, in spite of popular rejection we bring to you for the nth time baap of nautanki
pappu he came, they conquered
rt handle development pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae times of india times url
truly superstar pm! handle handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle modi receives tumultuous reception by indians in united arab emirates. his moral was num high n response was num resounding as well
this is moment when children s in house get joyful as they know they are going to get sweets from elders. modi is proving it, waiting sir
rt handle sushma swarajs response in the parliament when asked about her secret humanitarian efforts to help lalit modi. http
modi to speech uae think modi india a god men modi .
handle excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag url
great speech by hashtag
rt handle sheiks in hashtag are amazed seeing the euphoria of indian diaspora and chant of modi. hs any leader evr been loved so much
newly added lalit modi to help subrata roy selling his propertiesus url
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url via handle hashtag hashtag
if everything will be done by modi
rt handle for num years, no one spoke about the lack of toilets in indian schools. modi did, and they called it a gimmick httpemoticon
handle this shows the hold sonia gandhi has in modi cabinet.
rt handle this speech of namo is as beautiful as tendulkars famous innings against australia in sharjah num! hashtag handle
modi is indias virat kholi.
amazing atmosphere in dubai hashtag hashtag url
say thanks to saabir ali url
rahul gandhi swear on sonia and tell us honestly can you speak like handle hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress hashtag
handle modi mere pm hain tere papa hoge toh pata nahi, hope u atleast know who ur papa is.
retweeted governingindia (handle)
modi is a camel ,, stores energy in india to use it abroad
by the time namos tenure as pm will end, the travel agency handling his traveling account would have earned for their saath pushton.
modi had visited this templeunlucky temple pay d price
shouldnt these folks delete their old tweets? rtd
handle for num second i really laughed loudly seeing ur new profile picture.it really reflect happiness inside u num our namo.god bless namo.
rt firstpost firstpost thousands turn up for modis address at dubai cricket stadium. get live updates here url
congress attacks pm narendra modi on his legacy remarks in uae the economic times url
pm modi speech is hatrick in saying dream debut dubai @ times now
end of a new beginning hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag handle handle url
rt handle hashtag govt has not provided safety & security to muslim minorities in india, & shamelessly goes towards muslims hashtag
rt handle second pic in the pic will give heartburn to hashtag plz apply burnol
rt handle num years ago sachin tendulkar single handedly took over sharjah cricket stadium! today narendra modi! hashtag
top lold tweets url url url url url
big crowd in modi ceremony
namo has managed to communalize even foreign shores. temple in abu dhabi. hashtag hashtag
handle true leader of a grnum nation. salut modi jinot every one can do it
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice pre url
i was very impressed.
if it rains in india, indians in dubai open their umbrellas hashtag hashtag
highly grateful to the leaders of abu dhabi and dubai narendra modi ji
original muslims have no issue with modis selfie in mosque;theyre visibly happy in escorting him across uae. converts in india are upset
rt handle maam handle too many indian muslims in dubai chantng modi modi. pls tweet. im worried for u. are u alive? did u sur
namo namo everywhere.
where is the thirty lakhs you promised us if modi becomes pm? url
rt handle in parallel universe hashtag and hashtag is day dreaming to replace modi as pm of india. rofl
handle if modi pressurizes every one will hound him of working as dictator ,vendetta,the same media and intellects.he just asked time
so if hashtag is now spotted in dubai, he will be returned to his rightful masters? hashtag hashtag
finally the two visionaries meet
handle safe to say modi has horrible taste.
with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list with over num million followers on linkedi url
rt handle handle handle handle thats modi and he is elected by heart and with love!
btw, aapke miya sahab ki auqat hai modi jaisa bolne ki? wt do u think?
today namo pushed hashtag num years backcongress need one modi for survival hashtag hashtag
only hashtag can make this happen!
omfg in presence of the prince, they are chanting modis name hashtag
hashtag feeling great to see namo being greeted by such a big crowd in u.a.e
demanding temple agenda by mr modi the first leader from india go to uae but muslim leaders not asking about babri masjidkilling gujarat
handle hashtag hashtag url
pm modi in uae india, uae to cooperate in counter terrorism ops, intelligence sharing hashtag
isbpl hashtag with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list prime minister narendra modi url
hope the cynics now accept it
ive expressed concerns about establishing more schools in dubai pm hashtag url url
o god wat shud i say== u realy have numrd degree burns url
the guy in front was chanting modi modi,almost jumping off his seat hashtag url handle handle handle
sorry bhakts but android m doesnt stand for android modi but android marshmallow hashtag
modi reverses stance on sanjiv chaturvedi after rap from court. permits cadre change url
rt handle num.num lakh crore = num billion usd url
before him only idiots visited uae. two such idiots were vajpayee and manmohan.
hashtag modi is now getting uae to invest in india which is a serious new move maroof raza hashtag url
rt handle pakistan totally strippedmodi rocked,pakistan shockedhashtag url
rt handle rise in religious bigotry under hashtag comes with increasing threats to foreign hashtag in hashtag hashtag url
handle url handle & prestitutes gulp this handle handle handle handle handle
mr modi could have said like this num crore indians minus indian politicians, is a source of great power. url
also by the end of num he would have stolen num billion from india to bjps election fund. hashtag
picnum modis six in num hashtag
via narendra modi app http
falling more in love with modimodimodi
hashtag pm narendra modi leaves for new delhi. hashtag url
rt handle pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
hashtag shame on influenced by modi n sangh.thnx for waking up those who still believes in achhe din ayenge.jo bjp la hi nahi sakti
rt handle you are with us or terrorism modi url
any subtle humour in the fact that a traditional hashtag dance performance precedes hashtag speech? hashtag hashtag hashtag
when leaders shake hands with modi they dont see hashtag they see num.num crore hashtag says handle handle
rt handle seen earlier pm hashtag at the shiekh zayed grand mosque in hashtag hashtag url
handle so ur confirming my misgiving if somenum seeks the true position on ground thru rti& then pushes it under namo nose what reault!
the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer fromguantnamo url
rt handle mood in india changes as narendra modis shine fades asserts an ft headline. they ought to have added, among indias comme
pm modi global institutions agree that india is the most rapidly developing nation
prof, remember? u once said namo will be adored, respected and feared worldwide like lee kuan yew.
dear handle please tell handle, you get back what you give. url
congratulations to modi sarkar.
rt handle some of our liberals too are feigning ignorance url
great motivational speech by pm modi hashtag
handle your deabte sardesai on india today tv about mr.modi visit,you said that mr.modi is showman just nonsense ,anybody stopped you
theres been num percent growth in fdi in india pm modi url
shukran handle for giving us the first video of hashtag hashtag url
handle log ground me bhi baithte the chair laga ke & spectator seat me bhi baithte the
hashtag proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai url
handle handle about mr. modi wo vishva vijay abhiyaan par h
rt handle and it will not change emoticon url
handle modi in dubai n going to build a temple but you have nothing
great leader of the world namonamo.
rt handle giriraj singh indian muslims go to pak . modi dubai muslims give us business. handle handle handle
handle great challenge for pm modi url
my most favorite modi quote from hashtag url
handle m may not be for modi
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb url hashtag
the last time so many people sang the national anthem was during hashtag when handle playe hashtag he is a rock star. chants of modi modi
in pictures narendra modis uae visit url
modi ji please follwo me i will get positive energy by following by youhandle
watching modi sir live from dubai. hashtag
handle i too said the same in a different manner url handle
rt handle so bjp and modi are under congress pressure? url
truely yours handle handle handle handle handle handle handle url
drgarekar let modi and his education minister be educated first num fail chaiwaala and num fail multi husband bahu
you want to see a man with a motive see hashtag how he is determined hashtag
one of our reader sends this on the way to the hashtag speech in dubai url
pm modi when global leaders shake hands with modi, they see num cr indians
rt handle and malyali in dubai only and only modi
feku modi kuck krna hai ni sirf talking he just getting on on on on on and on on on .some num needs to shut him up hashtag
either you support modi or you should start training your brain.
pm modi speaking about indias relationship with hashtag hashtag hashtag url
india has been constantly helping afghanistan pm hashtag url url
rt handle well said! url
rt handle modi reverses stance on sanjiv chaturvedi after rap from court. permits cadre change url
handle handle if if true if it was alotted in nummeans modis claim falsethen lanat lanat
it feels good to see the honorable prime minister of india, shri narendra modi taking great interest in the url
hashtag is a new hidden opportunity num make more hashtag & happy india soon,observed implemented by handle ji url
too deep. way too deep. url
handle sir your need to reach people directly not tweet thru others. its the need of the hour. need to build direct connects like modi
narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir hashtag
wait modi has got his best weapon in store owaisi brothers.
why is modis menu such a talking point? in other news, ill have what hes having. emoticon hashtag hashtag
handle bt he is in the stadium na? matlab tweet (and the related feelings) come even if modi is busy attending something else
play ganga namo style.
handle earlier communists were ridiculed in cartoons for the same reason (rain in ussr, umbrella in kolkata). hope modi knows that.
modi cracking it in hashtag way to go handle handle hashtag won over ! hashtag thanks to the crown prince hashtag
modi talking of dangers of terrorism is like a nazi talking and crying of dangers and sufferings of jews hashtag hashtag
rt handle another case of marketing guys delivering the goods and the operations guys warming the chairs emoticon url
rt handle live hashtag entire dubai cheered when num lok sabha elections results were announced pm modi url
oh lord modi just outplaced pakistan. sarcasm at its very best.excellent hashtag
whatever namo is here to stay num full terms hashtag
modi is here to stay nobody can challenge him till num he is rockstar pm.
modi wave can definitely be seen in dubai this kind of response for a politician is unbelievable hashtag
a friend (modi) is coming from there hashtag
rt handle u.s., india leaders meet to improve cybersecurity cooperation ahead of obama, modi meeting next month url
hashtag stood taller than hashtag
num stands at sharjah cricket stadium then, and its modi modi at dubai cricket stadium today. url
people from all over the world have come here to dubai pm modi url
rt handle you handle , in your seething hatred for modi, have denigrated our country in response to a foreign official. depth
this is what i tweeted yesterday. url this what a secular msm dude writes today. url so predictable
rt handle num,num, out of num million aadhaar numberswere for those who didnt have any other identity proofonly num.num. url
handle modis popularity has gone up at least num times in last num hours
rt handle so far i only heard about modi as ambani agent now the picture is becoming clearer he is also an insurance agent
rt handle true handle some criminals tarring modi w fake newspages like in the pic see original at url http
more burnol emoticon hashtag
burr dinalso for political dons. url
congress shocked. damad t
handle i was a fan of upa num. upa num was disp due to pranab as fm.
handle handle handle great. modi in dubai is so grand. thanks for visual record.
rt handle good .credit must be given to modi url
hashtag pm modi, you spoke amazing. very inspiring and we all believe in you.
rt handle nepal is our neighbour, and if they are unhappy then we are equally concerned narendra modi
handle foundation of trust between india and uae will last for years narendra modi
.handle modi is gospel to you? alright.
^~^ pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights
rt handle global attraction towards india has increased narendra modi
well i wont say support modibut feel proud as modipm of our nation
modi speech super it has tied all uae indians to their seat
good taliban, bad taliban cant go like this.
weve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm hashtag url url
our heartiest greetings and regards for modi ji, with his efforts a hindu temple in dubai will be a reality
wah wah but parliament never functions
handle hashtag reaction after listening modi ji speech emoticon hashtag url
rt handle handle so basically you are turning your fight into political by targeting modi ? is it? if so then its a shame
while modi giving a speech on peace and humanity, indian forces are bombing my people in hashtag
sirf modi ki vote dene se kuch nahi hoga. tum bhi kuch karo
handle modi is a leader of peoples heart. its impossible to find a man like him in terror nation
rt handle wait a second you guys. your tweets are suggesting modi is speaking malyalam is that so? is there anything this guy can
modi expecting cooperation on terrorism from a muslim state !
modi offers $numt investment opportunity to uae investors times of oman. aug num, num last updated at numrtnum am url
tell me handle is in the stadium hashtag hashtag hashtag
next, handle will expect modi to not carry any chief instead, he should carry tiffin box full of theplas. url
rt handle to be clear tv reports in hashtag saying the hashtag will light up in indian colours for modis visit are absolut
isbpl hashtag marhaba namo in dubai num things you must know all roads on monday evening in dubai would url hashtag
hashtag extension denial to psu heads hurting morale, says ongcs exchairman rs sharma to pm modi url hashtag hashtag
now speechless, after watching crowd at dubai stadium
more than numk people attended the hashtag speech!
well i am not buttering about modi and their speeches but still there is something which count a lot
will nsalevel talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi congress asked pm n url
handle nidhi the land for temple offered not bcz of modi.gurdawara buitl in dubai land was not given due to modi. nris were promised by uae .
hasnt modi heard of crankshafts to start up engines ?
handle modi is a brand without substance ,one day his balloon will burst
come on saba, im sure youre wishing that raga wud get such a reception in amethi atleast no url
handle handle lets have the truth. a statement from your office would be welcome url
hashtag hashtag hashtag is all that u can hear hashtag
rt handle look into the mirror first what pm modi told congress with his independence day speech
theres a phrase that teens use. its ugly, but it tells it like it is to people who hate hashtag rtyouse well jell, bruv. hashtag
is congress so shameless to open its mouth after creating a mess and ditching nations protectors on hashtag. url
uae has been well thought through and chosen as the first destination for modis visit in the arab world maroof raza
rt handle modi hvng fun in glitzy dubai while our exservice men tough it out fighting num a btr living
you are standing in hashtag home ground modi ji emoticon hashtag url
rt handle respected sir, what nextwhy modi breathing in oxygen when there r other gases also present in atmosphere
handle modi talking of numl crores investment, bet even num crores wont come how much v got from china japan after jhulas drums
rt handle cc handle handle orop may come sooner or after num years, but an outreach to the veterans is due url
rt handle many rattled at modis highly successful tour to uae. hashtag
rt handle more than hashtag cricket. hashtag url
rt handle kejriwal must be wishing sorry he already completed his wish & you became the member of some college committee
newly added ncp chief sharad pawar to meet pm modi, fm arun jaitley over farmers loans url
rt handle sushma swaraj fed up with tours of pm modi & see her requesting
dear handle handle handle did you hear how the crowd cheered when namo said it took num yrs for a pm to come here hashtag
rt handle modi is the brendan rodgers of politics. pr master. but the moment things start to go wrong all of it will look ugly
mr modi not sure when you will strt representing urself as pm of india it always sounds like spokesperson of bjp hashtag, hashtag hashtag
abu dhabi, aug num (uni) prime minister url
rt handle namo is on fire
rt handle hashtag another gift for nation hashtag to invest num.num trillion url
india has been a victim of terrorism for the last num years narendra modi
pm modi takes veiled attack at pakistan over terrorism at dubai cricket stadium url hashtag
numst time im clapping for namo,dont know why
hashtag ji todays speech hashtag
hashtag modi has again mesmerized with his marvellous speech at uae. rahul baba should learn how to give a powerful speech by listening.
modi has probably outgrown his passport to achieve slambook status. hashtag
rt handle agar modi sahab uae nahi jate to brothers winning hearts trend india me no num hota but we can do it.
rt handle aftereffects of modi speech in dubai on hashtag
samjhne wale samjh jaenge handle modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not pakistan.
handle handle uae announcing land for a hindu temple proves that modi is a communal leader.
indias growth potential and uaes strength together can make this asias century pm modi hashtag url
haha, was waiting for something as stupid, you guys meet expectations, always! url
rt handle pm modi may never hv gone to mosque in ind but he did in uae. he may never fulfill his poll promise of building a bhavya r
msdhhoni url rt rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
for rest of the countries its gpl .
while congis started their politics on modis speech
rt handle entire hashtag population is agitating in hashtag.
live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi hindustan times hindustan url
handle also, modi doing bhangra pose url
rt handle pessimism is an industry in lutyens and the only product that they manufacture is modihatred; handle challenges them f
which hashtag in past hs marketd hashtag so beautifully like him in last num yrs?hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
handle until recently you guys were telling nothing good came from modi now you say funds came but speculate it will be stolen wah
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag now back to development [north east & eastern states] . url
thrilled after watching narendra modis speech i feel proud to have such great pm hashtag
modi you can travel in europe, you wont know when a country begins or ends. same thing can happen in saarc. handle
he alredy has majority in indiapoor u emoticon url
hashtag please keep a list of the countries mr modi should not miss ,after all thats his most important agenda.duniya ke saar karloon.
handle handle lolur comparing manmohan with modi
hashtag delegation from manipur to meet pm modi on territorial issues url hashtag hashtag
handle pr or not,namo really knows hw num motivate ppl, num show em their roots & make dem look @ india as mothr dan a mere steppin stone emoticon
oh dear! you handle are looking so cool.we hope you enjoy namos banter.he will entertain you for sure
rt handle but none of these channels handle handle handle handle handle reported this clean sweep of bjp in mp https
rt handle i was expecting modi may say something in malayalam
rt handle modi again rock but this time dubai hashtag
go namo! emoticon india emoticon
modi handle is the first noncricketer who play such a big hit among public pact stadium. hashtag
rt handle modi said we must do away with caste system and then said banks will give special loans to dalits & adivasis.
dear handle , all political parties must get hashtag granted quickly.it exposed hashtag hypocrisy! handle url
rt handle subramanian swamy writes to modi, blames ed chief of scuttling probe in national herald case
rt handle ask actor who played bahubali for help modi takes him seriously unlike you guys url
pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic url hashtag
rt handle modi tears kurta and flings at crowd.
kamaal r khankrk the temple will be built in abu dhabi in num so why there is news that modi ji has arranged it url
whats wrong with modi url
our objective has been to build strong friendship with our neighbouring countries & take india to new heights hashtag url
rt handle modi will say this, i tweeted url handle
rt dna live hashtag pm modi concludes his speech at dubai, read all about it here url
hashtag brothers winning hearts hashtag hashtag ki and ka
handle awesome speech by modi
handle cm should have said, i shamize for blocking num ambulances if modi was there he would have said, turn them into a hearse
our pm sri narendra modi what a dynamic man now world seeing his leadership
modi ji hitting nums n nums in dubai cricket stadium hashtag handle
scary moment for all modi fans! he has wooed the isis and the talibans! hashtag
photo united states, china,france, germany,china uae and world over its modi wave, surely by num india url
yup. well said. love the honest confessions. url
thank god, modi discovered india and told the world, we were unknown till mid num.
crux of modis uae visit in real estate
num crore indians a source of power pm modi url
handle please stop comparing arvind gangutelli with raja namo handle handle handle
hashtag only pm modi & his team india can do.
url rt iamtssudhir pm hashtag speaks in malayalam to extend greetings to people from hashtag settled in hashtag hashtag
rt handle .handle when she heard that modi will visit a mosque in abu dhabi url
handle mam ,is there any translator for modis speech in dubai stadium? how the malyalis,tamils,nonhindis will understand the speech?
viveknum url how rss plans to raise a nation of adarsh bhakts url via dailyo
rt handle live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says pm modi url
rt handle its a houseful ! dubai cricket stadium resounding with modimodiincredible atmosphere. hashtag url
rt handle hashtag should have taken hashtag along with him to hashtag for his proper education
ek saal se sun rahe hai failure should accept by bhakts. url
all foreign dignitaries go to the same mosque as pm modi has, its a way to pay homage in uae handle url
live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora gear up for modis speech url
we the india is secular since ancient times except the moguls url
modi congratulates malayalees on new year in malayalam
handle no need. the secularists would hv made it a big news if he had got circumcised;even malinip sent here journonumcover modis visit
rt handle modi has no knowledge & speaks like dustbin. mms visited gulf thrice oman and qatar in nov num & saudi arabia in feb
handle maroof how much investment hascome now after numyr vacccation by modistop being spineless
hashtag hashtag eve of indian election sees the economist opposing modi womens encyclopedia sites art refutes url
modi might speak a few things in the air, but finally feels good to see one of our leader who can stand tall and talk. hashtag
handle far from it, you should love and appreciate raga for all the good he does to namo! handle
indra gandhi ahashtag are working for the country that narendra modi isproudly say came the moment we all indian.
modi modi modi, making indians proud after num years of independence
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai tonight num developments
num key takeaways from modis uae visit
handle sultan, this modi is not a dignified leader, uae must not felicitate him.modi organised state sponsored violence in gujarat
handle modi ji hamare desh aayein, then u will have to help me secure passes
rt inumpnumn samjhne wale samjh jaenge asachnum modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not
handle handle num people dont get tickets so they are standing outside and enjoying this evening rock star namo
handle you , who had done nothing for the wound inflicted by ur past presidents of party & now blaming modi shows ur diwalia thought
.handle because mms was an inefficient pm under sonias control! modi is the real pm. the peoples pm handle handle
rt handle handle ji only num institution which is regarded high in india hashtag
houseful madison moment id dubaimodi always rocks
have we been circulating enough modi in uae memes to bring whatsapp down already?
modi uae selfie, prime minister narendra modi continued his selfie diplomacy as he visited the sheikh zayed grand, url
modi became modi in uae but what happen when he is in india
rt handle hblp modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb all india muslim personal law board (aimplemoticon to url
handle dont tell me d sheikh just bent modi to his knee made him doggy style
rt handle pls trend hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag namo can anytime now.
so modi spoke few lines in malayalam and all the mallus went crazy lmao
heres the proof of modis ignorance
rt handle you are those people who have worked hard and are working here for many years. at the same time you are enhancing indias pride
rt bedubey url its a proud moment its none other than an indian prime minister hashtag url
true that emoticon emoticon url
hashtag modi is touching the hearts of everyone present there. we love u so much . handle
that same power is in hashtag, hashtag, hashtag, hashtag. url
biggest ever event taking place in dubai.not for a actor singer dancer rockstar, its for our pm namo. really a proud moment for us hashtag
according to aaptard brigade, vinod rai is still cag. no wonder these dolts elected hashtag twice url
rt handle handle handle handle modis word on mosque visitor book. url
on the newshour why is congress angry?
narendra modi highlights indias humanitarian role in nepal ,when earthquake jolted the count
rt handle big mvenumfight terrorism jointly by uae&india.terrorism in all forms denounced. urge allnumdismantle terror bases. well don
remaining num are in modi.
rt handle modi government please alive from sleep.
rt handle num lakh farmers have committed suicide in india. will modi do something for farmers on num aug? or is his govt only for moneyb
hashtag and bhakt think that uae is indias new friend.fact is india is loosing even russia under modi
handle okay i love to watch news wen it cums to modiemoticon
interesting that sanghi & bhakt are fine w modi visiting mosque but sickulars are jumping up & down! handle
live streaming of namo from uae
and you call pm modi a gaddar shoo away morons! hes filled with ambitions and vision n the might to do everything possible for india
the big takeaway of hashtag is that you now, know for sure, modi govt is going to take on pakistan. very clever move
some of our liberals too are feigning ignorance url
same num pplruling india n making money move url
rt handle blueprint of every modi speech. chest thumping, empty talk, campaign rhetoric, absurd promises, cringe worthy phrases and acron
rt handle good talibanbad taliban, good terrorbad terror. this wont work. a decision has to be taken. are you with terrorism or
rt handle pm narendra modi addresses num,numstrong indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium; begins his speech saying i am seeing a mi
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modi firstpost url hashtag hashtag
handle namo best event manager i have seen ever.
handle all good on foreign policy front, bt domestic politics remains a bone to hashtag success at home
hashtag cricket stadium is houseful. chants of modimodi fill the air. hashtag hashtag url
modi mania in the uae live handle what is it about him that driver the crowd crazy? handle
handle really amazing speech by pm modi rocks today
rt handle narendra modi ji giving his signature on a touch screen hashtag url
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple the economic times on mobile url
the only person who will give modi an inferiority complex
namoll learn to pronounce hridayam naranja onashamsakal before he comes back to india.
rt handle narendra modi is also a hardcore troller. trolling at its best hashtag
modis dubai speech is far far better than i day speech! this core content was missing from his last speech! hashtag
rt handle handle pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi url
rt handle indias growth potential and uaes strength together can make this asias century pm modi hashtag url
handle p.m.sir you rocks the dubai and all uae. you are all time favourite p.m. or leader or modi
fascist modi spreading hinduism by spreading talking about rakhi festival in arab land. hashtag
modi ji establishing himself as an international leader. hopes of overseas indians are on a high, they feel that india is fast changing.
rt handle good taliban, bad taliban. good terrorism, bad terrorism. this wont work.evryone will have to decide if they with terror o
handle handle mr modi is representing india not bjp? & please take note that seculars are not anti nationals deshdrohi.
the day modi haters become modi lovers, is the day handle dreads.
modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential abu dhabidubai, aug num (ians) prime url hashtag
rt handle we fudged gdp data, farmer suicide data. i did my best to ensure those you send money to lost land more easily url
leadership can change everything. url
rt handle and i thought modi had handpicked every bureaucrat of any influence in this govt!emoticon url
when citizen of india killed everyday in j&k no words but suddenly so angry, show off isnt it? hashtag url
people must have not cheered a sachin tendulkars sixer so much as they are cheering every punch by namo! hashtag
rt handle hashtag modi takes relations with whichever country he visits to a new high. yet they rate him among most stupid pms. tra
rt handle handle handle handle why cant handle cover live pm namo of dubai prog? other msm covering it from now on
pm modi says no matter how big the issue is, only peaceful talks can find a solution hashtag
rt handle with this kind of reception modi would hv won the election even in dubai. hashtag
rt handle congress has been so rendered jobless by namo this is what they do to pass their time handle hashtag url
handle its very sad that whn pm hashtag hd said he wl implement hashtag senior exservice men & exchiefs r piching armys pride aginst govt.
rt handle pm modi accused antinationalist ngos, of harbouring antinational agenda! but nomedia highlight. hashtag
rtno good taliban and bad taliban.indication to both us and pak as well as our ndtv?
handle url and half of what he spoke is sanskrit which you cryptopersians dont get!
satellite view of india on festival of diwali hashtag hashtag url
handle handle handle yes. yes. whenever you see a big croud with modi, it is bjps tv crew. carry on
how long will u connect religion and caste with modi. high time that you move on with one subject. handle
after sachin incredible innings at sharjah we are going to see another history to be made today hashtag url
rt handle till num we are going to have a new jhumla every num august . ab ki baar hashtag sarkar url
taken out of context or did he really say that? whatever that means. lol never troll rahul g again if he did. url
imagine if mms visited uae modi himself would say that
num,num indians to hear pm modi in dubaimodi, who is on a twoday visit to the united ar url url
and malyali in dubai only and only modi
we already knew that url
handle dear lady, name one secure and safe country where any other world leader is received the same way as modi is.
why didnt we touch the hashtag?full of possibilities. seeing num,num indians listening to hashtag modi is a grt sight. hope india benefits.
modi, killer of hundreds of muslims, the most stupid pm on google, being treated like a royal guest in uae.
hashtag cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill url
i am proud that i was born in the era when modi was our pm hashtag
modi you can resolve problems with neighbours with talks. handle
modi wants ram mandir not only in ayodhya but also in abudhabi.
handle yeah, one of our family friends help was saying modi jee ne kaha tha sabke account main paise aayenge, aaye nahi rtp
his highness modi hashtag
hashtag woos hashtag; offers $num trillion opportunities url url
one thing that modi ji did not do in dubai is unite all for a ban on handle hashtag
namo told there is no good taliban bad taliban .good terrorism ,bad terrorism
its electrifying! the modi chants reverberate in the entire stadium. you make us so proud mr. pm handle hashtag dubai
rt handle handle shri ram madhav ji address at the launch of panch kranti abhiyan organised by handle url
rt handle if modi ji would have got wages of indians in gulf equal num european, his visit would hv been a success. what in addressin
instead of mitron modi should begin his speech with chetta
when the upa government had approved hashtag in num itself why is modi government not implementing it
modis speech in dubai attended by num indians & feel proud of achievements. successful visit with a commitment of num.num lac crores. rahul?
cant wait for modi speech hashtag
passport ka rang nahi dekthey ka mutlab pm modi will help other countrymen in troubled times in conflict zones! hashtag
congress unable to digest modi, a backwardpoor has become pm;india doesnt belong to one familydynasty? it disrupts parliament for what?
rt handle pm modi is becoming the global brand ambassador of gujju food. the royal gujarati feast served by his uae hosts. url
modi is pitching india to investors single handedly for num states, num cms, num.numbillion while handle and kin can do is sit n diss all
rt handle modi is the most loved & famous indian celebrity worldwide after shah rukh khan, obviously. hashtag hashtag hashtag
orop will be implemented soon v k singh. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle hanuman went to srilanka okay! thailand yake hashtag should go to thailand and checkout rtp
handle instead of foreign visit modi backwards area visit in india became roads and clean that area like when happened always bnum visit.
rt handle why allah in india more muslim than allah in uae? url
this man is rocking the world. namo roars in uae handle
easier said than done. url
handle hashtag the crowd cheers modi modi feeling so proud
pm narendra modi is relishing trolling pakistan and secularists emoticon
handle handle handle my head hangs in shame when i hear modi govt is not pursuing nh case url
handle thats a direct quote from the speech. those are modis words.
thank you mr al qassemi. url
pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat pm modi has thanked uae for url hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag ji u r dynamic handle
handle my bro got a leave n now going to attend modi marhaba
hashtag we dont differentiate by color of the passport! hashtag
good terror, bad terror, this wont work num quotes from pm speech a frenzied crowd chanted modi, modi as the prime minister delive
pm narendra hashtag will announce a special package for hashtag url handle hashtag url
i liked a handle video url pm modi speech at masdar investors meet india has $num trillion investment potential
handle orop is the demand of soldiers modi should not forget
there was a time when crowd use to chant sachin sachin on this ground but today its modi chant and good part is feeing is same hashtag
handle handle digvijay singh want to defeat narendra modi now searching a man who can give a beg rs num aimlessly. congres begger
day by day modi exposing himself. his every speech whether international or num august is not more than election speech.
now thats statesmanship at its best. url
this is real face of modi sarkar. these bjp fuckers talk about uniting india? they beat up our veterans. they eat url
& modi will eventually manage event of their cremation
handle handle handle handle handle . any thoughts? hashtag url
may modi jii throw some light on maya kodnanis bail a convict in numriots?
rt handle pimps are like. okay. but modi did not take us on his tour. so we will downplay everything.
when atal ji was the pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry pm modi hashtag
namo in dubai the capital of bollywooders pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
adilintelb url rt firstpost marhaba namo num,num indians expected to attend firstofits url
rt handle handle what a shame for narendra modi
hashtag modi is talking about connecting india to the saarc region while domestic road connectivity is abmyssal. another vintage modism
yes, as they r more nationalist than so called intellectuals & news traders who r resides inindia.shud i give eg url
always look for opportunity to harm and hurt.
nabeelalirazanum url baderalkaabi hhshkmohd salaam plz support secular powers but plz not modi
rt handle some key points from modis speech which will or can benefit common citizens
rt handle why are jokers in cong getting upset about this? it includes abv also url
handle through i am a modi supporter i dont agree with this point emoticon
nearly num thousand people present
rt handle when hashtag was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm hashtag
yes people like rajiv, indira, ehsaan jaffery url
modi arrives in uae, abu dhabi crown prince receives breaking protocol hashtag url
hashtag congress cant do it and cant digest the success of namo in uae.
now we know y modi doesnt like parl, but love stages to speak. bcz none will question his lies in public speeches
num sure pm modi ji will say that ppl coming from dubai to india will get visa on arrival, usual jumla foreign statement hashtag
waching live megha show of pm modi (dubai) handle url
there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi >> modiji url
rt handle india has been a victim of terrorism for around num years pm modi url
handle modi is a communal leader responsible for the death of thousands of innocent muslims in gujarat riotswe will never forgive her
rt handle hashtag hashtag modi government talks big about girl empowerment but this is how it could shoulders and i
rt handle now this really is amusing! guess they want pak to merge back into india url
today ppl shout modis name, everynum loses their mind
that awkward moment when namo will get oscar before leo! hashtag
shri handle ji plz rt h
pm modi address indian community in dubai , live handle url hashtag
here comes the catch word hashtag.
dear presstitutes please give a standing ovation to modi ji
our generation has heard about various political revolutions but never witnessed one. hashtag has fulfilled that desire. long live namo
rt handle did my bit too. went outside and looked at the moon. url
rt handle i bow to all indians in hashtag pm hashtag
hashtag when atal bihari vajpayee ji was he pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry pm modi
rt handle hashtag & warmth amongst ppl shows d popularity of modi & ppls confidence in indian govt.numst time india witnessing so
rt handle pm narendra modi congratulates saina nehwal on winning world badminton championships silver medal url
modi visited abu dhabi, dubai but ignored ajman, uaq, rak, fujairah and al ain, ignoring minorities everywhere?
rt handle pm handle has arrived at the programme at the hashtag cricket stadium watch live url http
just coz esms hv criticized goi on orop n modi has got negative publicity some bjp bhakts hv been criticizing esms all the bloody same
handle num years experince from malabar cost modi ji just refreshed handle
hashtag, read modis lips! hashtag hashtag url
handle this is a very nice speech great moment for modi
handle no other pm spent num hrs a day working. no vices, come up the hard way without support, a real common mans prime minister is modi
such is the credibility of honourable pm handle ji among nris. jai hind! url
pm modis frequent foreign tour seems as strategiesnumpeace security prosperity harmony curbing terrorism in d world&num own nation.why doubted?
rt handle there is a scheme in which a person has to deposit re num per month. that person will get rs num lakh insurance modi url
modi is like that kid who doesnt know any answers yet manages to write pages and pages and still scores marks for writing the nonsense.
(adds byline to risk factors in its annual report card )
hashtag modi rocks more power to you handle
(when you said,they will support). url
rt handle handle hashtag reaction after listening modi ji speech emoticon hashtag url
rt handle our pm handle was no different than peoples champ the rock, when chants of modimodi echoed in d stadium hashtag
modi at uae more than numk audience url
handle little late sir , modi ji is just about to leave from there rtp
modi stays there for a few more daysand they will start wearing saffron skull caps hashtag hashtag
the way the world is seeing india has changed. and the reason is the num crore people of india pm modi in dubai
its a house full at the international cricket stadium for pm modis public address. hashtag url
hashtag modi message was daring. it was also to the pak, to the us, to the corrupt in india, to indian opposition
handle handle in uae marhawa modi, the brightest political star eclipsing the communal polish of pakistan.a great moment.
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs num lakh cr url hashtag
rt handle i have heard of many great orators in world but watched only one live. modi. hashtag
hashtag the indian community in dubai says marhaba (welcome) namo with a grand welcome
handle we are a nation to be proud of & narendra modi has placed us at the right pedestal across the world
rt ndtv congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url
can u under estimate the power of pardhan sevak ?dubai speech and public response is enough for considering modi a great leader.
rt handle pm narendra modi in his opposition time made exactly same wild suggestions and accusations on upa rpn singh, congress
sorry i am not coming. url
tetinfotech pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin url
pm modi says i am witnessing a small india in dubai today hashtag
rt handle the media has given their verdict. rockstar modi in dubai. tail wagging
congress will now demand that modi must not visit countries with large number of indian diaspora
handle set back for modis makeinindia campaign aadarsh libtard handle
rt handle pm modis secure cooperative vision of saarc in dubai gives a huge hope to violence wracked mideast amidst withdrawal of
hashtag hitting hard where it should. namo very cleverly mentioning all padosis
people outside dubai stadium also watching to modiji on led screens hashtag hashtag url
rt handle long, hot wait for those headed to see modi url
rt handle pm of india narendra modi arrives at the venue.
best is to livestream on narendramodi.in url
rt handle handle what are you talking abt man? our pm modi have already declared that businessmen take more risk than soldiers. prior
hahaha. but the bhakts in dubai are chanting & dancing to his tune in the stadium url
handle a great achievement for pm modi
all qualities of a perfect leader grnum namo
we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi hashtag
most amazing style of pm narendra modi
live hashtag watch indian diaspora recreate madison squarelike event for modi speech url
rt handle marhaba namo hashtag what a national pride and euphoria. he does clearly generate pride. wow! url
i havent seen congress pm has shown imdia worldwide
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi the enforcement url sps
modi modi everywhere on my tl.
rt handle pm modi in uae india, uae will cooperate in peaceful uses of nuclear energy hashtag
namo doing shah rukh khan type marketing
mr.modi ji is pride of india as well as global.
handle handle handle waiting for hashtag. crowd is very excited. chanting hashtag hashtag url
best moment for me, before namo speech crowd roared with vande matram hashtag
joint statement between the unitedarabemirates and the republicofindia
rt handle pm modi says india & uae strongly denounce terrorism in all forms hashtag
rt handle pm modi ate into num minutes of prime time news and associated ad revenue. and then bhakts say this government isnt against
handle handle would you reject a dinner invitation with modi with the same menu? just asking.
with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list url hashtag url
numdegree temp people waiting for their turn to enter stadium to listen to narendra modi in dubai url via
namo why is india progressing?
congratulation modi sir on your successful trip of uae but you remem sir in india also have mosque and muslims
watch marhaba namolive streaming from rtpm narendra modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
sushma swaraj fed up with tours of pm modi & see her requesting
rt handle modi somehow managed hashtag into his speech
wish handle could subtitle modis speech for me
handle should automatically add an indian flag after hashtag too emoticon
like it or not, he is a crowd puller. hashtag url
rt handle handle we will walk out of our plush south delhi homes and bear the heat and filth to vote for modi . dont u wor
handle handle handle sry i thought you were criticising namo
num degrees in presstitutes and liberals house after namos speech
totally disappointed by modi jis speech
num more burnol moment num pseudos
yes this what inside the minds of these hashtag > handle handle handle handle url
hashtag pride of indiarestored again by hashtag now support for hashtag permanent seatbravo
its great achievement for hashtag to reach hashtag & have such a support. politicians should think how it happens. hashtag hashtag
rt handle normal people action speaks louder than words
many rattled at modis highly successful tour to uae. hashtag
modi can use caps while talking.
i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next num yrs pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
jo samajhdar hain wo samajh gaye
you will the day you too have a pm who respect his cntry,its cultur n cares for his people url
namo effect watching narendra modi
handle shameshame congress. it didnt digest of modi
handle modi tsunami already stuck middle east
handle trust pm modi is referring crown prince of abu dhabi every emirate in uae has his own respected crown prince
kejriwal must be wishing sorry he already completed his wish & you became the member of some college committee
handle handle handle handle wen modi addressed indian diaspora n dubai proud moment num all of us url
handle pm modi would be glad about that.
modis popularity is hurting some ppl. there is no medicine for jealousy & bias. u r ignored. url
rt handle modi never shed tears of suffering muslims in the country including riot victims never gave greetings to poor muslims
avg indian gets ecstatic when modi goes bhaiyon aur behnon. for decades no one called them that. leaders reduced us to servants hashtag
rt handle every lazy assumption does not make a fact. url
rt handle pms trilliondollar promise num things he said to investors in uae prime minister narendra modi on url
modi visit builds momentum for indiauae ties, economy minister says, url
within a few hours, india did whatever it could to help nepal narendra modi
handle guess what caption they are using marhaba modi did you get the phrase copyrighted? hashtag
congress and left are not baffled with modis craze in islamic nation but over feeling that their biggest source of funding drying
rt handle about numk crowd registered to attend modi. thats a huge number .well huge stocks of burnol needed too here .
modi live in concert!
rt handle in india, num percent of the country is below num years of age. india is a young nation pm modi in dubai hashtag
modi speaking about nagaland in dubai. hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi is received by sheikh zaid and num princes at the airport. do our pms and presidents get the same protocol? hashtag
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis and today hosted num mega odi (modi). hashtag
those who voted for modi, num of total, do feel they have acche din hashtag url
pm modis visit to the uae day num
you can see the shine in the eyes of a person who hears the word india. the reason is indias changed image narendra modi
isbpl hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stadium in dubai where p url
pm modi to address num indians in dubai
hashtag luk at d people outside listening to my pm url
so mr modi where is black money ? hashtag
rt handle rt rahulnidnum pm modi u have helped maldives by sending drinking water through steamer and plane.
we opened bank accounts for poor pm hashtag url url
indians worldwide helped india after abv gave a call following sanctions post nuclear test namo.significant statement on hashtag
under duress is this translation right? what did modi say exactly? url
narendra modi is a great manwho will definetly make india a lovely place
hashtag whenever i hear namo talking hashtag i feel pity for mani shankar aiyer
hashtag avinash ravindranath the last time so many people sang the url hashtag url
handle flip some pages back, ull find even shittier article by the same snob about modis mother. circa mayjune num.
rt handle suresh khaira from mumbai, one of the excited modi supporter hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle hashtag now showing, marhaba namo in dubai. pm modis uae soft power push. extravaganza to put pak in place.
num. bjp sweeps num in mp civic polls
num minutes on independence day, num mins & on in dubai! modi knows how to exploit freedom of speech hashtag
whataaaa crowd namo namo url
yes! abu dhabi knew about modi jis visit num years ago only lol
rt handle uae govt allots land for temple. hope congress doesn say it was their idea which modi govt copied and re packaged rtp hashtag
rt handle modi has arrived on stage in dubai. all the anchors and news channel staff can lock their building, go for dinner & co
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle today pic modi in dubai hashtag url
i know they have nothing to do and no one listens to them anymore but the congress should give credit to modi when it is due.
handle bhai ab aur num sal aur yahi business to criticize modi only as congress will not come in power due to rahul
ndtv it rains in india and you offer us an umbrella to help out pm modi in dubai url url
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights ndtv url
rt handle they already did that by saying pm modi didnt maintain the dignity of the post by attacking congress hashtag
dis thing hashtag rtneeds rtgoes num islamic uae~w num pio hashtag hindunation.handle handle
this headline in khaleej times is a bit tricky narendra modi ends speech at dubai cricket stadium url isnt it?
rt handle modi wave reached dubai. hashtag
didnt uae hire gen. pasha as an advisor? url
modi is just a human version of punjab kesari. full of lies.
wait a second you guys. your tweets are suggesting modi is speaking malyalam is that so? is there anything this guy cant do?
rousing speech by narendra modi in dubai. stole the heart of thousands with his words. wherever he goes, he pitches for india. marhaba modi
rt handle bhakts are unbelievable. first they abuse sheiks now they are proud of modi for clicking selfies with the same sheikhs.
dozens dead after bomb attack at hindu temple in bangkok. is this what modi wants at uae temple? stop provoking people by making temples.
no one can pull it off like modi. hashtag
handle nris see that modi is the only horse that can pull out india from the hole congress pushed india into.
namo will start speech after pay homage to jawans death in border at dubai stadium.
handle handle hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now] url
pm modis speech at dubai cricket stadium ends. catch the highlights here.
now we all koe the number of indians staying in outside countries
but modi believes otherwise
it was electrifying. full house people chanting modi modi url
handle great sir ji, this is called diplomacy. long live narendra modi.
rt handle disturbing to read amartya sens observation on political interference in academia by the modi govt. unfortunate !
another one who has covered more countries than modi
bjp strategy save modis image at any cost
they have not come to watch a cricket match but to listen to indian pm.
handle good symptoms emoticon url
live updates url (ani)
url pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates. hashtag hashtag
hashtag pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights url hashtag hashtag
rt handle listen world! how the uae king n his family received modi in dubai! jealous can burn in hell! hashtag
there r nextgen rss leaders being groomed fm all religions n sociallevels url
handle handle handle no only rss n modis supporters with paid agency chants modi modi
rt handle prime minister narendra modi being briefed about more aspects of masdar city hashtag url
ai to fly from pm modis constituency, varanasi to sharjah. remember rail ministers used to introduce trains to their places in budget?
i am very happy to see that our pm narendra modi wants to do lot of to us.
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag ht
handle handle outstanding words for him mr. modi really deserves the sikander title!
rt handle thanks to modi, first time one and all in dubai cricket stadium are supporting india. hashtag hashtag hashtag
i am grateful that uae has supported indias bid for permanent seat in unsc narendra modi ji hashtag
when one shakes hand with handle, he feels the strength of num million with modi there. hashtag hashtag hashtag
modi talking of un resolution should be remembered of the hashtag resolution.
modi government failed to control inflation and fooling public on petrol price hashtag url
hashtag if he (modi) has such a great agenda, he has to deliver tom vadakkan
hashtag the only rockstar i have ever seen in indian politics having fans all around the world is none other than narendra modi.
rt handle so numbs[bbb] cant stand namo numds[ddd] troll his fans numcs[ccc] hate him congiscommiescorrupt last one thanks handle
when the nuclear test was done in india under vajpayee, india had to face difficulties pm modi in dubai url
rt handle pm reaches to handle of hashtag, which can provide input to conceptualize modis dream of smart citi in india
what abt num gujarat riot hashtag forgotten? url
rt handle now, thinks how saraswati maa blessed her child narendra modi, without efficient speech you cant make personal contact wit
rt handle handle self drive car me selfie modi . hashtag
india has an immediate investment opportunity of $num trillion pm narendra modi to uaeinvestors url via handle
modi is particularly vry impressed with crown prince of abu dhabirequests the crowd to gve him a standing ovatn fr grantin land for temple
marhaba namo num,num indians expected to attend firstofits kind reception for modi in dubai via handle url
url live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora recreate madison squarelike event for modi url
rt handle centre piece of namo s manifesto numxnum powerhe proudly mentions it as no doubt it will be done with handle ji leadi
rt handle no indian pm ever thought of visiting a labour camp of blue collared workers modi did, and they called it a pr exercise.
num to one odds on modis speech ending in num hours hashtag url
hashtag hashtag hashtag ht
rt handle dawood stories back on channels. bjp paid media spreading fake stories on dawood to divert peoples attention from mod
rt handle and thats the bottom line coz narendra bhai modi said so url
nda government has now upped num target to an ambitious num,num url
rt handle modi visits num countries in num months prime minister narendra modi has visited num countries in the last num mo url
rt handle pm namo like always will deliver a dialogue in the same language of the country he is visiting, this time it will be in
hashtag see this is num inch seenaur bosses congress,italian bai and pappu cant even think of itjust admire modi
handle u modi hater why dint u see the speech? now you just take out useless things only to pin point our rockstar.
modi made mistake num.num lac or num lac cr investment handle
handle proud moment for india. namo we r proud of u
best modi speech ever probably only because of incessant directindirect bitch slapping of pakistan. hashtag
numhr num min speech of modimodi concluded speech by saying bharat matha ki jai
hashtag at uae a show of modi music. indian can feel , dance n use as medicine of economic growth n antiterrorism antibiotics.
rt handle dubai cricket staduim where pm modi will address tonight. around numk people have registered for event. hashtag httpemoticon
another powerful speech from modi live from dubai
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are num other things he was the first to do url via handle
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with the families of the deceased, tweets pm narendra modi
mr modi, pm of india, who belongs to ideology of rss, arousing hatred against muslims here, is seeking investments from muslim countries
rt handle num major massacres of dalits were work of bjp allies. hashtag remains silent. hashtag url url
rt handle sheikh zayed mosque is not a mosque & these people have gathered for hashtag event because they hate modi. url
all modi haters are now demented and delirious, let them blabbermouths say anything. url
rt handle handle what a great personality of our pm handle .we indians are proud of hashtag. url
congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments url hashtag hashtag
hashtag we have pm like modi ji
hashtag,what a speech,how do he gets that entu after so many meetings.modi u r tireless,real inspirer,indiaindians r winning.
whos the proxy in india? url
rt handle modi visited a mosque
handle before yemen war url handle handle handle this explains modis uae tour
handle because all glitter are not gold. when he can see two esm die of hunger at jantar mantar what we can expect from mr. narender modi
handle modi saying indian temple instead of hindu temple implying india is a hindu state. outrageee congressi & aaptards hashtag
modill bring billion&trillionsnumadani, ambani,etc nummuae bt wont brng a single penny numr feeders&protectors hashtag url
rt handle i want to talk about nagalandwhatever the situation may be,the solution to everything is through dialogue pm modi url
y no reaction by anyone when a hindu prime minister asks for land for temple from uae? modi isnt pm of hindus. isnt he pm of all indians?
hashtag hashtag crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url handle hashtag
rt handle the world doesnt care about indians killed by paksponsored terror. india needs to fight terror on its own. url
right now, hashtag. no mention of hashtag. url
im immensely say that a huge respect for our pm mr.modi its not a respect for one people its a respect for whole nation unruly crowd
namo & jaiitaly are very eagerly licking her italian boots.
handle it will bto hindo attack as modi kill num muslim in gujrat is your religion allows
congress pl refrain. he may not be better than you, but he is no worse either.
when ak makes his name placards in iday no journo speaks.
proud moment > we are becoming part of new history with you hashtag
rt handle handle definitely it is a proud moment for us all connect of modi unparalleled
nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said d url
rt handle modi is now getting uae to invest in india which is a serious new move maroof raza hashtag url
time for decisive battle against terrorism pm narendra modi pitching for a decisive battle against terro url
modi ji should stop saying
rt handle if hashtag had to go to a mosque why in abu dhabi why not to the one just in front of him a day before? hashtag url
hashtag modi makes every indian proud url
thank god these media dont write that pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium to play india vs pakistan match hashtag hahah.
rt handle just bc modi gave solemn assurance these orop guys are escalating the situation if like congis he had bluntly said no
num.num lakh crore = num billion usd url
dubai cricket stadium, hosted num odi matches and now num modi.
rt handle wont cave in to pressure on black money law pm url
it is time for pm to give up his bihar obsession and honour the promise of his predecessor on special status to ap url
so true .proud to have him as our pm url
modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investmentpotential url
saw modi jis speech while representing india @ hashtag las vegas. full of inspiration, what a leader & great orator. proud of him
rt namopower url rt missionbjpnum fdi in india will grow by num in one year narendra modi ji hashtag
rt handle no such thing as good taliban, bad taliban. this wont work now pm hashtag url url
rt handle dubai saffornified !
lol! modi lives in his own fantasy world, bhakts their while bharat is in under stress. no positive in sight url
har har modi u make us proud url
hashtag hashtag and his ministers should immediately go to jantar mantar n assure exservicemen about hashtag handle handle
today, tell me who is not influenced by hashtag
lol she handle upset namo not at loc >yeah pm should have been there when she destroyed sweet shop too ! dumb as dumb as one can be !
so its confirmed now pakistan has lodged fir against modi in url
rt handle modi ji has guts standing in islamic country and cursing taliban and terrorism. loved ithashtag
pms uae visit narendra modi again attacks previous governments, congress economic times url
rt handle handle watch live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
rt handle on the eve of nsa talks, modi appears to have made some subtly conciliatory comments toward pakistan in his dubai spee
rt handle handle handle handle handle shocked to see the rousing welcome modi received in uae. such reactio
pm modi says have defined border with bangladesh for the numst time since independence hashtag
oh on the previous foreign trip & oh in the one before that & before that hashtag url
cong rethink modi ko gujarat ke bahar jaanta kaun hai
handle handle handle handle handle dnt criticize every step of modi. u sound like congress.be different.
rt handle hashtag & hashtag in one pic. narendra modi will change the regressive india, i am confident. url
modi is only a leader from gujarat. url
hashtag without stepping into kerala, modi has won.
rt handle after winning hearts & diplomatic mileage elsewhere in the world, namo is concentrating on west asia.hes steady & good
nothing bad if modi has num sacrifice congress prestige for restoring prestige of india; cong prestige is not greater than indias hashtag
modi modi chants give me goosebumps ! hashtag hashtag
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok
cc handle handle orop may come sooner or after num years, but an outreach to the veterans is due url
okay, a mallu modi. ive seen it all.
handle handle haha, btw, modi today called india a young antion, meaning he also sees india as it is since num rtp
rt handle handle u dont find modi in wiki in num most wanted terrorists url num mullas u can see. url
rt handle as someone pointed out u needed an election to select modi against this dumb guy url
url the language used was interesting considering nsa level talks r round the corner. war of words will continue
crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag
num) modi talks about sab ka saath, sab ka vikas do you think all sections of society have benefitted and
pm modi meets crown prince of abu dhabi url
handle he is doing so. he is not congress who has fooled people of india for decades. hashtag url
rt handle shame on ungrateful leaders ignoring num days hunger striking veterans but can fly meet jayalaitha. shame hashtag url
rt handle narendra modi ~ the most dynamic prime minister that india has ever witnessed hashtag
handle dadathis is how rajdeep wud beplz see the pic
and so much dislike for nris
rt handle marhaba namo num,num indians attend the mega event at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
cbn bent his head on feet of modi to save in notenumvote case. .modi also suprts corrptn. clear indication. ppl shd understand abt this
you dont have to love modi, but that doesnt mean that you should ridicule even the good that hes doing for the country. hashtag
rt handle narendra modi announces that abu dhabis crown prince will invest num.num lakh crore in india
hashtag rg called the pm gutless & on the independence day modi turned yellow; his dress that is.
the kakas are so excited to be on camera! url
rt handle at some point in time, hashtag used to fix right here. now hashtag is fixing. for the good. hashtag url
rt handle pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle handle dawood is heavily invested in uae
hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi is for the people, but those are nri people.
handle madam while pointing finger three will point at you as well.
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url via handle handle handle
rt handle in one dinner, modi make jihadi eat pure veg! imagine what happen if namo shift there and eat with them for rest of life!
rt handle people eagerly listening to hashtag speech on screens outside the stadium hashtag url
power sector india modi visit builts new momentum for indiauae ties, economy minister says uaes power and url
not for sachin this time modi modi url
handle handle handle u.gonna miss modi.speech
rt handle the master of international relationship. he made it possible wherever namo wentmake in india, made in india hashtag
handle this modi plays religion card everyday to further right wing hindu nationalism, how can uae trust this racist num friendship?
rt handle hashtag pm modi event in dubai cricket stadium will be start with vande mataram
rt handle pakistan is so scared of modis tough talks. url
rt handle hashtag m narendra modi receives a grand felicitation in dubai
from mobile sms or cheating sheets
modi should be talking about terrorism while enjoying company of arab shiekhs. they have done enough to terrorise entire middle east
our pm handle was no different than peoples champ the rock, when chants of modimodi echoed in d stadium hashtag
the i day address by modi is as usual big boasting and no action
rt handle which assumption ? mistreatment of ex servicemen at jantar mantar and silence of pm modi and his apologists on sm ? https
a muslim mans love for modi i hope all congressi watching url
charismatic modi. incredible. full stadium not for rock show, but for a politician! hashtag
hashtag pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress read more url
thank you for the suggestion. sounds like work ), dont think this is fine? url
muslims in india chanting mosque mosque url
modi if you have complaints against embassy, consulate, then you can use the madad helpline.
pindrop silence in the jam packed stadium when modi speaksabsolutely magnetic. hashtag
rt handle pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat url
rt handle hashtag hope modi was sensible enough to tell uae that his definition of terror does not include samjhauta blast
handle can u plz show these pictures of fully packed dubai stadium for modi ji num people already reached url
rt handle modi makes every expm highly dignified, intelligent, wise and mature.
rt handle modi believes global perspective towards india has changed after he took over as pm.
rt handle handle handle hashtag is a karmayogiopposition,adverse circumstances et al,are a goldmine of opportunities
people who r trying to create road blocks for modi bewarethey will soon b consumed by their frustrations let him work
hashtag live uae plans to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india, pm modi says in dubai prime mi url hashtag
pm modis uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai has been published on
handle handle proud of not only mr modi but also of you sir .more power to you sir .
live watch pm modi in uae will launch satellite that will help saarc nations pm modi url
thats really a direct message from modi to pakistan and all those supporting terrorism,,,,congress and other sikulars note that
exactly the same what we witnessed in usthe mad chaos!
pak we tried hard ! hes unstoppable
look at the crowd in uae stadium.
please some one can help me to count i am in modi speech every numrd word is i if you doubt please count
hashtag modi just becoming a global leader. at least world will know what is india ? and its power. hashtag
union ministers visit evry fortnighthuge projects announced almsot dailyroads built bt den blame modi num past emoticon url
modi knows how to troll the pseculars and their financiers in pakistan.
every one should watch news channelmodi is addressing dubai indians url
he is selling, and sometimes its essential to establish credentials, though it might sound bragging to detractors. url
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti haicongress gets confused if he is talking abt pakistan or congress hashtag
me,momma, hashtag hashtag & blind modi haters right now after watching hashtag handle handle handle url
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit elevating their ties to url
modi g is the most famous and powerful person of the world and india. thanks to rss his good think and ambition.
modis visit to sheikh zayed mosque proves that the one who never visited any mosque in india can spit and lick for money. hashtag
we started handle. we r asking the world to come there are many opportunities
hashtag magic just keeping d crowd spell bound handle hashtag url url
rt handle pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see miniindia in dubai pm modi why dont you create a mini dubai in india & rev
shri handle ji plz rt url
mati mand hai wo to rtp url
numk indians at a cricket ground in icc headquarters. ek cricket match to banta hai. modi vs crown prince friendly karwa do koi.
india is a lucky country to have num population below num years modi in dub url url
rt handle sanjeev kapoor invited by the host, abu dhabi investment authority, to cook veg indian food. know your facts url
now defending the deafening silence url
i dont have sister url
hope these pictures will neutralise anti minority venom running in veins of sanghi bigots. fine speech mr pm url
u r doing a wonderful service
handle how i wish media ignores namomosquemuslims issues & let everybody live in peace. they r d ones igniting religious issues.
they might as well name that portal great expectations url
rt hindustan times strongly condemn blast in hashtag. thoughts with families of the deceased. i pray for url
modi jis visit to the emirates will be an ultimate success if the govt there confiscates dawood ibrahims assets. hashtag
handle you need a people to counter modi.
handle after modi jis reception in dubai stadium
rt handle if modi visits temple > he shud visit mosque
handle only modi modi modi is not suitable bharat bharat bharat is suitable modi will change but bharat will not change
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb
mr. handle mr.modi is going for indian votes, not muslim votes.
if modi is complaining that no indian pm visited the gulf in num years, he shouldve asked shri atal bihari vajpayee to go when in office.
rt handle meaning of hindutva these days join bjp, write staunch hindu in your bio, and do namo jaap.change dp to god & abuse antin
rt handle ed proves again a lap dog of ajcongress.thisll definitely discredit modis assurance to the public on ccorruption https
rt handle modi tasks num.num lakh bank branches to finance at least one dalittribal startup.
pm modis wellintentioned statements cannot be restricted to rhetoric only. actions needs to match intention. hashtag
rt msrana ed has stopped investigation of sonia gandhi & rahul gandhi in national herald case. so, modi has reached some understanding w
rt handle hashtag cricket stadium is houseful. chants of modimodi fill the air. hashtag hashtag url
modi fans, i have good & bad news
watching namo live in dubai !
rt handle no mention of desert storm num in modis speech? disappointed.
if modi visits mosque > that one is tourist place. hashtag
rt handle .handle because mms was an inefficient pm under sonias control! modi is the real pm. the peoples pm handle handle
rt handle handle that too land that was allotted in num under upa rule. modis tweet made it seems that it was current
modi is sevak of num cs corporates, corrupt & communal. hashtag
proding movements when audience chears modi modi in abudhabi and bharat mata ki jai in uae.thanks modiji and thanks uae peoples.
hashtag pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights url
hashtag bldg a temple, getting support for un position, strong (repeated) references to fighting terrorism. hashtag url
they trust modi more then the traitor kejriwal url
face num of modiji in
rt handle this is the reason why handle is the biggest postambedkar dalit icon of india url
handle grovelling before the sheikhs. modi has no self respect.
.handle num hindu indians & num other indians. muslims & christians are also indian. india is not equal to modihinduism
following speeches to the indian diaspora in the us, australia & canada, modi gives one in the uae url
narendra modis uae trip highlights indias shifting middle east approach the diplomat url
handle u congeee and aaptad are shamelessto abuse our modiremove ur glasses n c u blind u il c why modi is good
rt handle good point, modi. there are num flights between india and the uae and it took num years for an indian prime minister to visit
rt handle num likes url
rt handle what abt the num killed by him? url
modis speech at dubai cricket stadium
impressive speech! the more you burn with your hatred towards modi, the more he shines worldwide. hashtag hashtag hashtag
i added a video to a handle playlist url modis uae visit ; pm address indian diaspora in dubai cricket stadium
handle very true doc.
personal attacks, abuses, illogical comments define modi bhakts. but who cares, let the dogs bark
pm modis secure cooperative vision of saarc in dubai gives a huge hope to violence wracked mideast amidst withdrawal of western powers
now go and bury yourself.
handle handle whys that? im namo bhkt.
rt handle mr modi, i am ready to bear a cess if money is problem for implementing hashtag .pls tell the nation clearly. cant see our sol
hashtag arey namo will certainly rock but wat abt his haters in india all appize,congiez&many morei pity on them
hahaso liberal! if you dont like what i like, get lost from here url
& they said no one knows modi outside gujarat
rt handle when maldives faced water crisis, india did not waste a minute in sending drinking water narendra modi
rt handle .handle even pakistanis want their leader to be namo. i have many friends their who admire him.
rt ndtv to fight against terrorism, you have given us clear indications pm modi in dubai url
rt handle pm hashtag people from all over the world visit dubai and today i am seeing a miniindia here hashtag
rt handle oh god! the last bastion falls! now the mallus must be so kicked! modi speaks malayalam handle handle handle
handle handle need to knowledge of hindi grammar to understand modi ji speech
so? what is the connection? being alert towards the society and its needs will stop hashtag and not hashtag! url
our modi is nothing short of a rockstar either! rtd url
its better idea but bank officials have to cooperate with this plan url
numemirates url long, hot wait for those headed to see modi url hashtag
rt handle handle modi jees visit or no visit to mosques must not be politicised.gud relations with uae will benefit people of
first it looked that this govt will be antimuslim but later there was nothing like that url
rt handle pakistanis mocking namo, dude, when nawaz sharif speaks, even nawaz sharif doesnt listen.
handle handle people who were using fans bnum modi came to venue stopped it as he started speech, mesmerized ppl
dubai modi speech very well
modi woos uae says india has $num trillion investment potential url hashtag
after tonight dubai cricket stadium will be known as modi speech stadium hashtag
rt handle hashtag pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai hashtag
modis speeches are outstanding and they make a huge impact on people of every age group.
oh god! the last bastion falls! now the mallus must be so kicked! modi speaks malayalam handle handle handle
rt handle num crore indians a source of power pm modi what power numcr under num cant afford school in child labor is child labor p
the sad part about modi haters is tht theyll nvr be able to relish era of indias most extravagant pm. hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle wow ,such a politeness ,modi ji acknowledged the greatness of king of uae for gifting land for temple hashtag
handle mr. modi, please stop poor school kids to dress as tricolour and sit in sun for hours.ban this from next time please
hashtag opposition has nothing to say. advice to opposition record critics of modi and play in every debates. it will save energy.
rt handle handle aunty this is num u
hashtag num increase in fdi in india in last one year, pm modi says in dubai.
modi live in concert. url
journalism >> who moved the falafel? narendra modis arabian adventure comes with a gujarati thali via handle url
rt handle waiting for narendra modi to return to india so that i can trend hashtag hashtag.
modi always says bhaiyo aur behno what about our transgendared brothers and sisters?
people would very soon realise importance of dr manmohan singhs silence & his contribution in indias growth. url
reminds me num sachin tendulkars sahara cup inning, aweome view hashtag url
today narendra modi in dubai the indians came there for himlooked pictures.
exactly this type of pm india needs
extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm modis image exongc chief rs sharma url
rt handle swaminomics who had unequivocally predicted namo would never become pm, now predicts bjp losing bihar! url
handle sir modi, this is just a beginning. god bless india
modicritics, you still think this is all marketing shizz. ha ha. lage raho url
handle your our only hope. modi also fooled us on jailing gandhis
he does terrorism talks in public with no fear that too in uaewhat audacity man hashtag url
like him . hate him. one has to concede that he is proud indian . and namo feeds on the pride. it is infectious and dubai rally is proof.
uae businessmen welcome pm modis visit url hashtag [ad url ]
rt handle lord buddha conquered entire sea, japan and china only with his words and honesty! modi did same today hashtag won over
how about relocation rtp url
rt handle how narendra modi lands in india after a foregin trip and takes off to next foreign trip. url
crowd attendance for hashtag i
handle handle no that modis choice, that were should he go.
whether modi achieves anything or not, im happy that we know our pm exists , world knows the pm. his marketing and pr is good.
rt handle with disrupt india initiative, india can go to very core of modis call for startup india.
rt handle you are enhancing indias pride pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium. hashtag
rt handle australia to participate in govts clean ganga programme, to assist in capacity building
handle handle wat is timing of namos speech in dubai?
he is blamed for the death of num,num muslims in india. so why is narendra modi in wembley? url
brahma gets bombed at erawan temple in bangkok. are they going to blame pakistan and the isi hello! mr modi we are waitinggo ahead.
rt masdarinst hashtag narendra hashtag touring hashtag research labs! hashtag url hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi bluffed earlier he has m.a. degree, actually he is all the fake credentialshe is a habitual liar hashtag
we love hashtag hashtag url
and handle once a hashtag said modi can become pm if only elections are held on twitterfb hashtag url
dubai indians already set and stuck in the traffic jam for hashtag.
while our media busy in petty matters, modi hurling threats to pak from soil of uae handle handle handle handle
uae assured modi to support indian permanent seat at un. modi said
prepping for namo visit to hashtag now uae is done? mt handle indian hashtag community celebrates hashtagday url
hashtag pm hashtag ends his speech with bharat mata ki jai url url
achievement of narendra modis uae visits
handle doing respect of our hashtag handle. url
there still is or was no modi wave. rtd url
modi should change is @ to handle
rt handle handle its a refrence not the essence.when crowd is huge & rocking to his spech,then modi has to be a star whether u li
india to record num.num mt less foodgrain production yet modi wants to snatch away farm land. smart governance
hashtag live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi url
best pm of my country !
handle haan par attacking on things modi promised is showing how stupid their arguments are! and he is supposedly admired by lot!
her moroniness . born hashtag url
rt handle handle sahasrabuddhe ji address at the launch of panch kranti abhiyan organised by handle url hashtag
rt handle you are the people who work hard but also never stayed behind in taking indias glory forward modi url
indian pm narendra modi has as much charisma as ive ever seen in a world leader. he emphasises & stresses on url
rt handle modi lot of flights between india & uae. there are nums of train to our villages! never visited by a pm. y dont you g
modi sud fire bassi for brutal attack on veterans. also police been reprimanded by sc many times. if no action then modi supporting bassi.
the sycophantic tweets with hashtagmodiinqatar is pukeworthy. really.
in modis childhood n youth days which he is making up
hashtag hope you got answer why namo went to uae
rt handle pm modis speech in dubai is over. now brace for the tamasha of indian lionization at our tv channels.
rt handle india is a country full of opportunities where num of people are below age num pm hashtag url htt
extremely grateful to crown prince of abu dhabi, emirates and uae rulers, should every indian thank him? pm modi
hashtag handle handle handle handle htt
sri narendra modi ji speaking live in dubai at the cricket stadium in a jam packed crowd. url
modi says how he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we dont get tea for re num url
hashtag namo simply wow. proud thank you sir handle
hashtag feeling proud
we used get to such scenes only during hashtag match!
handle ohh please they r intellectuals, hating modi is new liberal trend, loving him is too mainstream emoticon
handle handle just go and sit with those ex faujis who are sitting at jantar mantarand modis police is using lathis against them
many indian batsmen have played on the dubai cricket stadium pitch, but none as spectacularly as narendra modi! hashtag
hashtag talking about school admissions a pain over here hope he finds a solution for that hashtag
mohammed receives indian pm modi his highness sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, vicepresident and prime url
modi ji is openly talking against terrorism even in a muslim country, he cant talk so openly in india, liberals will be offended
handle he is a insurance agent as well as and indian agent for all indians modi is also increasing sales of burnol
rt handle you can think about the secularism of india that for modi ji its easier to make temple in uae than in ayodhya.
indian pm modi has started begging from muslim countries. hashtag the hindu
handle modi is responsible for murder of muslims in india rape of indian women u have allotted land numr temple & his party babri masjid
modi modi naare everywhere
rt handle modi is yet again goes shameful. says he is ashamed tht no pm visited dubai in numyrs. but without it india numrd largest trade
this is my first visit to uae. i have never been here before pm modi
rt handle international hypocrisy of pm modi, he should have visited indian mosques & tweeted about loc as he did about bangkok.
rt rickysinha url rt numfortynum this is the reason why narendramodi is the biggest postambedk url
rt handle it was as simple modi declared we did this going to do this
you dont need parliament to expel exam scams, mr hashtag handle url hashtag hashtag
hashtag just a reminder that modi is a rss product
numrtpm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment url prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice
the cynic said, one man cant do anything. namo proved only one man can do anything hashtag hashtag
there are num vowels in english language.
worst fears coming true url
rt handle we work,not with an arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development pm modi in dubai
pm to visit bihar for his numrd preassembly rally
it is not wave it is tsunami url
modi uncle can lure hottest of girls with his words.
rt handle modis popularity has gone up at least num times in last num hours. he is a magician.
meet narendra modis mosque man who made the sheikhs roll out red carpet for pm.
uae grants land for temple
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag modi concludes his speech. url
n sum of our bro stil cald these arabs frends,actualy arabs know v wel wats cuming num them,grtr israel,too late num thm url
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin the economic times url
what i not understand is this congresss program from num & uae got it since num then how modi started it now url
watching pm modi speech hashtag hashtag
hashtaghashtag do i need to say more
quite the event for modi url
rt handle watch news nation live for dubai mein modi ka dam
handle frustrated congress as usual crying foul, while modi has taken d bull by d horn, by d breakthrough jt statement numm uae. hashtag
it takes num hours to reach hashtag but num hashtag including hashtag have visited hashtag. this and all we asked ah hashtag url
handle namo vindicated your argument hope pierrefitter will realise that what was the protocol
pm modi visits the sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi url
rt handle the nation former pms avoided is greeting modi as none other did& filling the num yrs void,be envious congi and hashtag
historic journey of namo
congress see modi is communal.
hashtag narendra modi generates hate with despite being a hashtag comment url url
it is one hour now, pm modi ne abhi laye pakdi hai. bihar ki chunavi rally to nahin hai
modi i thank my predecessots for giving this opportunity to visit dubai after num years. hashtag hashtag
great speech by modi ji.
uae has supported indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council modi hashtag
handle let them burn. let india be with modi and grow.
modi probably has overgrown his passport to slambook status.
such is the charishma of modi that uae, a staunch islamist country agreed to have a temple on its soil,neta ho to modi jaisa ho varna na ho!
rt pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok url hashtag
everything is happening for the first time in india since independence.
rt handle watch the video why did pm modi feel ashamed in uae?
today modi will be kicking of next kerala assembly election rally from dubai, last cong bastion will be conquered
rt handle samjhne wale samjh jaenge handle modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just n
modi visit to mini india is a big boost for development, he is the pm can change india fortunehashtag
dawood must be peeing tonight watching namo s speech
rt handle cant miss visuals of bohra muslims at each and every modi event. true followers commendable.
even if you are a modi fan, youd agree that the best crowdpuller in uae has been handle!
modis speeches are not even funny anymore. hashtag
handle nobody in congress possessed outstanding oration skills like namo.
aaptard reaction after listening modis speech. hashtag url
modi has given a lot of work to diplomacy experts worldwide by knocking pak from the land of beloved sheikhs
today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nations treasury pm hashtag
stupid alert to do something like maharaba modi you need enough foreign diaspora in india before even safety. url
hashtag wishing people of kerala happy new year in malayalam. all have gone crazy with clap and modi modi
handle modi following advice from url
insult toh modi jaise karna hai
when even times now stops its prime time and telecasts hashtag you have to agree, its been superbbbbbbbbbb url
indias modi disappoints supporters with lowkey speech url rtauto pickup by wikyou
hashtag never utters hindumuslims, he addresses everyone as indian; its the congress who always calls indians as url
rt handle i can say proudly that when vajpayee called for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the most pm hashtag
insane people who do this to live on earth
nd u feel proud num hv pm like him
retweeted narendra modi (handle)
rt handle uae to invest num.num lakh crore rupees in india whoaaaaaaa! great business deal struck, modi ji hashtag
handle mr.g ur loyalty may b other than modi but think numce if world know the power of india bcz of modi. why we care corrupt congis
bhai you know how to rub salt on wounds rtd rtd url
cant any stupid words than this by a countrys pm url
hashtagu may like or hate him but when he address gathering in foreign land ,u feel proud as indian witnessing the spectacle hashtag
handle what problem u hv guys n u r calling our prime minister with name only. stupid he is pm not only modi. so give ur pm a respect
rt handle pm narendra modi waves at the gathering at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
its not miniindia but another kerala in dubai! url
rt handle modi ka jalwa barkarar like always again hashtag
dtn india pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin pm modi, with over one million f url
handle modi jis speech at dubai stadium is was marvellous. let all indians join hands for welfare of ma barti
its hard to salute modi.
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment hashtag im satish kajla, a hindu by birth, but im a mu url
hashtag it has started modimodi in dubai cricket stadium
rt handle modi refers to the resolve to jointly(with uae)fight terror and hints that terrorists sheltered by pak and having assets
wrong he has num.num million followers on twitter url
plz have enough burnol from me
lolmax rt handle oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm rightno need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.
burnol time for sikularism hashtag cricket stadium is houseful.chants of modimodifill the air.handle handle url
num crore indians source of power pm modi num cr totally illiterate num cr cant afford school & num cr functionally illiterate so what power?
when maldives faced water crisis, india did not waste a minute in sending drinking water narendra modi
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae only through dialogue can we solve issues with our neighbours pm modi url
rt handle waiting for arvind kejriwal to allege hashtag that he purposefully went to dubai so that he should avoid a birthday gift
modi visited kazakhstan it is not muslim enough.
sanjeev kapoors vegetarian spread for pm modi in uae star chef sanjeev kapoor, who was flown here specially url
epic line emoticon url
rt handle modi visited abu dhabi, dubai but ignored ajman, uaq, rak, fujairah and al ain, ignoring minorities everywhere?
hashtag violence not a solution , solutions are worked out only through dialogue at a table pm modi handle
heartburn for modi haters. hashtag
rt handle quite the event for modi url
happy hour liberals. url
after dubai modi plans to visit israel and vatican city hashtag
handle mr modi knows how to market indiawhich was lacking in the previous congress govt
rt handle hashtag namo says
really pity modi used indian closet in the land of so many closets url
no mention of desert storm num in modis speech? disappointed.
havent been so excited before jaihind hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
hashtag in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror prime minister narendra modi url
the papu is preparing for another note to shout again on secularism hashtag url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai tonight num developments url
joint statement betwen the united arab emirates & the republic of india
dubai is swinging with patriotism and emotions great indian pm narendra modi
rt handle dont ask modi to break his silence! hell speak when he has got something really important to say, like rahul gandhi whats
handle so much hate for modi non stopamazing to keep tempo going on since num to abuse modi, more u abuse, he will be more stronger
shameful! the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo.
i hope he remembers what he spoke, pathetic handle handle handle handle handle url
modi speech is fantastic in dubai
handle after our namo you too rock )))). stay blessed ! url
rt handle thats the effect hashtag has. hashtag url
obama is powerful,modi is popular.
for handle , uae has become muslim world just because pm modi is there for a trip.
rt handle crowds going crazy why aint try they showing it on indian channels handle handle handle hashtag https
rt handle when atal bihari vajpayee ji was he pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry
its really cool pm modi i have new songs coming in hindi
with all this hoopla modi is bringing india just num,num,num crore rupees
hashtag modi to address num,num indians in dubai cricket stadium
handle handle wat u had ! modi speech!
handle what exactly she is trying to say? these people have a pathological hatred for hashtag
for me, it is one of his strongest, nonpr speeches in a while
dubai stadium reminds me of
modi emphasis more on terrorism in his speechtaking on pakistan left and right
all opposition parties combined delegation shd visit behind modi to counter his charges in abroad.
modi has singled out pakistan for special treatment today
rt handle handle modi govt lacks a coherent communication strategy, which enables sources and competing narratives to take hold
.handle please add a modi speech category to your app notifications. so i can turn it off
rt handle all of a sudden vineet jain started talking after modi said he faced pressure from big people on fm radio auction. h
watching modis speech and then congis say he dusnt speak hashtag
rt handle today num$ = num.num rs , where is sri sri ravi shankar? who said num$ will be numrs when modi comes to power hashtag
rt handle extremely good tht modi ji is talking about terrorism! much much needed on the soil of middle east!
narendra modi one of the &hashtag;most viewed ceos&hashtag; in india linkedin prime minister narendra modi, with url
handle modia corrupt person with many faces & knws v well which face to use in a specific situation emoticon
yes, mr prime minister, including ab vajpayee hashtag url
rt handle handle handle many time i think that our leaders & opposes of modi are so mean minded they cant know, this is ho
our pm narendira modi have brilliant knowledge.modi meansleader of worldyour gulf countries visits extremely very useful our country.
rt handle modi needs to convince indiansthat enacting proinvestment policies is in fact the only propoor strategy url
rt arpitsizzle url rt indiamsm good .credit must be given to modi url
nris in uae have made india proud pm modi
handle handle handle num
handle oh boy the guy next to modi just looks like chandra babu naidu
handle rahul sir modi jee is coming tomorrow in ara im trying hard to get a pass,dying to see him closely believe or go through my tl
blame it on modi the entire crowd has been ferried from india to dubai . url
more than num,num nonresident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium. hashtag hashtag
crowd attendance for dubai rugby seven (largest sporting event in last num yrs) num,num.
whats up in hashtag? url
rss with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list url
more you criticise more it will get stronger.
handle handle handle its bcoz , its numst time an indian pm had visited this country. modi is corrupt man .
num,num people cheering hashtag hashtag. handle must be getting nostalgic!
whatever hashtag said is factual on hashtag visit after numyr. it should not be criticised katju to handle on hashtag
rt offstumped dubai modified and electrified url url hashtag
liberals why namo ate gujarati thali
how media and bjp is misleading the people?they should correct their gk.now media is modi and modi is media @ bhakt? url
overwhelming cheer and support from the crowd. hashtag chants followed with louder cheers for hashtag. hashtag hashtag
handle the visiting head of state needs to have the ability to draw a large expat population should hav the charisma of namo
handle indian secular must be wild that sheikh did not ask modi to wear thobe with head gears!
modi is for the people, but those are nri people.
india is an old country but a young nation
debating tonight on thenewshour prime minister modis num year reminder. why is congress angry? hashtag
peoples love & respect numindia is above caste & religion.modi a force multiplier of dat love & respect. hashtag url
hashtag modi is utilizing indian embassies and consulates abroad very effectively
shall we move bjp party abroad & elect people there num contest & work under leadership of hashtag for humanity
rt handle handle do the right thing and the world will follow youmodi is the example hashtag
handle seems namo is determined to prove you prophet by proving you right .
rt handle i hope modi sarkar is not confusing the dollar with a branded apparel which is hugely advertised by akshay kumar, i think.
rt handle there were pms
al narendra bin damodar das modi really rocking in gulf. mabrook hashtag
modi show about to begin in dubai
pm modi in his second year is like president obama was in his second. popular at home, but far more popular abroad. hashtag
rt handle modi. a master of sly. hashtag
hashtag live pm modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against terrorism hashtag
**this will never end
rt handle handle i agree. but in this case the fervor, magnanimity & namos presence made it even more special ))
jai hind sir, apologize for late reply busy with pm modi sahab to welcome him handle
hashtag trust is the base of diplomatic relations modi
more i listen to modi, better i understand why kejriwals speeches are so convincing. ak talks to his audience, modi talks down to them.
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae government for de url
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs num lakh cr; boost trade url
pm modi visits the sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi
crispy spinach & liquid chaat hashtag hashtag hashtag for hashtag hashtag in hashtag @ emirates palace url
tiranga in uae. never been so much crowd present at a single place for a non sports event. namo namah. hashtag url
dont make it sore issue url
indian hashtag are discussing hashtag hashtag and hashtag
rt handle modi sure knows how to win hearts of indians living overseas.
rt handle debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag wont tolerate terrorreligion link. with modi at side uae nudges
hah! did a mosque invite him without imposing cap, etc jama masjid famously skipped him. crib masters. url
world leader modi ! url
hashtagscintillating speech in dubai by modi ji eu like plan unravelling in front of our eyes in asiawith india as the leader.
avoid all roads to sports city via any modi of transport. hashtag handle hashtag
hajj subsidy in india must end completely. i support modi completely in this and i oppose pseudosecular congress url
masterful and inspiring speech by the best ever hashtag of india hats off narendra modi sir love url
rt handle modi asks which country is making the fastest progress in the world. crowd responds india. handle
handle according to me, modi doesnt choose words as well as abv or sushma does. but then, he connects with the masses anyway.
handle ji thanking crowne price for coming to airport to pick namo.
good terrorism bad terrorism wont work anymore pm modi in dubai
handle handle handle whats the reason behind the num daytrip to dubai by modi. read it here @ url
rt handle hashtag * the only difference between madison square and dubai reception is handle episode. mariana namo
handle what will be modis response
am i the only one who finds namos voice annoying!
hashtag renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, is it not anti national & treason to indian state?
more indian crowd in dubai cricket stadiyum . they were attend the modi speech url
handle but modi was cm what is priyankas claim to fame? married to a landgrabber?
extremely liked the modi speechhe achieved the unachievable.goosebumps stuff. hashtag
handle happy to be called bhakt rather presstitute like you modi is so committed to country. hey r u committed to your hubby?
rt handle there are num vowels in english language.
modi in dubai live dubai cricket stadium nearly full num.numpm gates are open now and peo url hashtag hashtag
rt handle aaaaaaand he did become pm to your eternal misery with num mps to boot from twitter and nri votes. url
stadium housefull.hashtag
rt handle hashtag pm modis speech so far rsnum.num lakh crore investment, land for first temple in uae, joint statement on te
rt handle pm modi started emigrate portal to address problems of indian immigrants
handle nri pmemoticon
handle dont mind sir.u r muslim! sure! numday i m getting wonderful comments on modi by muslims! hope, pm modi wl work also num muslims.
rt handle looking at hashtag popularity in dubai today , this is the current situation of hashtag and hashtag url
learnet the reason why people like hitler and modi succeed in ruling millions!
handle handle handle i really cant understand you have so much problem with namoin everything he does
rt handle he has changed many equationswhile many desi patrakaars r locked up in their hatred . pity url
modi my predecessors have left many good things for me to do
my modi supporters friends over whatsapp have now sorely been reduced to jumlas poor chaps have to defend his illgovernance everyday emoticon
pm modi got $num billion dollar investment numm dubai.
pm modi got $num billion dollar investment numm dubai,
handle ths was the modi poweer dubaai ke speech se lucknow me aag laggaya
rt handle handle one moreurl
handle handle i am still spell bound and also know nation must be spell bound by todays pm namo speech
handle pakistani s pm goes to restaurant where sanjeev kapoor is cook
the stage is all set for hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle already there are temples in the uae.
does this mean well have a drainage system that works? indiatoday live uae agreed to invest num.num lakh crore in india modi
handle thanks a lot sir for updating with hashtag
rt handle my hashtag friend says
fiberals are educated enough to understand the feat modi has achieved internationally. but their ego & hatred holds them back.
why not, india is as foreign to them as world is to namo.
handle modi has just rubbed some mirchi into pak hashtag hashtag
handle handle handle you guys are thinking of ordinary overseas indians. think she is talking about lalit modi
rt handle pm modi address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium, says you are enhancing indias pride hashtag
sheikh doing aarti of hindu gods
modi jee plz dont force me to post any comments against you so now trip is over now focus on your homework that you have in pending
rt handle over num thousand people registered for the civic reception of pm hashtag in dubai cricket stadium
modi visit builds momentum for indiauae ties, economy minister says url
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai url hashtag ndtv achedinaanewale
something should be done about this , hashtag hashtag url
agreement to jointly combat terrorism nd money laundering
rt handle bought some fruit today (conciliatory gesture to farmers). url
thats the real image of a leader.
rt handle handle handle undoubtedly da bestest moves was for jumme ki raat n the very beginning namo narayan n also ma
no indian primeminister on an overseas visit has ever created such euphoria & attention for india as pm modi has done since assuming office.
handle pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi hashtag url
pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights ndtv url url hashtag
modi ji ur efforts num lift our state is grnum, bnum what abt our former guards?
rt handle now indian media will call this man a communal man because he just praised namo ! url
num) properties of dawood to be siezed in dubai
modis foreign visits has always given us some important breakthroughs in each tour.but presstitutes n sickulars see his suits hashtag
numcheers to modi numputting bluntly the obviousun failed to contain terror& us concept of goodbad terror a joke. politics apart,it connects.
rt handle further evidence that bjp is in lalit modis pocket url
handle dont want to say this but aap is not a party which can be trusted. aap will even support congress to oppose modi.
hashtag sometime back congies had asked why modi wants to go to pakistan. he replied today. any dispute can be resolved by a dailogue.
hashtag challange from sonia to modi
handle u know modi sir how to win the heart of people, ur the first politician i like soo much.
rt handle if modi goes to maszid bastard traitors msm cries if dont goes they cries so they want modi shud be blamed by every thing
rt handle our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbours pm modi in
did namo got such nice msg copied
namo spoke at dubai cricket stadium enuf said emoticon emoticon hashtag hashtag handle
rt handle high expectations building up for modis maiden visit to uae. last time when a indian pm visited emirates was num years ago. hashtag
rt handle india, uae strongly denounce terrorism in all forms pm hashtag url url
has pm modi reached out to the muslim world? prime minister narendra modi began his twoday trip to the uae by visiting the historic
minister on such job & tours.
rt handle caption this hashtag url
pm narendra modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment url
rt handle what a branding of india by modi !
rt handle handle handle patriotism the reason why today modi is respected in all countries. modi is a true patriotic. hashtag
hashtag must need after modi jis speech hashtag hashtag url
handle. marhabba namo after nepal japan china usa now you rocks in dubai. proud to have pm lik u
indians know modi very well. thats why he spends more time with nris. handle handle handle handle handle
none of the previous indian pm have achieved what namo achieved. created a niche on global platform .world is watching india hashtag
political unrest in the country india is heading towards a confusion, narendra modi is something like one of the hashtag premiers.
rt handle khaleej times team all set for narendra modis address at dubai cricket stadium today
handle vyapam probe requested by govt itself, a nvr before initiative.
modimodimodi feeling proud to get u as our pm
agar modi sahab uae nahi jate to brothers winning hearts trend india me no num hota but we can do it.
live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi prime minister narendra url sps
hashtag there was nehru & manmohan who used to address indians in english language and then there is modi who speaks hindi abroad
you dont need to wear a skull cap to get people wearing one to cheersupport you
high highness crown prince came to greet me at the airport with his brothers pm hashtag url
modi has become first pm to condemn its predecessors.very unfortunte.
rt handle im a fan of such kinda imagination
numpm hashtag hashtag modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. with modi at side, uae nudges pak. wont tolerate terrorreligion link. handle
par phir bhi modi ji to ghumne jate hai
marhaba namo in dubai num things you must know url
hashtag doesnt mind going to a masjid.then why the opposition hypocrites are fuming and fretting? a masjid too is a place of pooja.
rt handle there wasnt a single stand alone visit by any indian pm to sri lanka after rajiv gandhi ji, before my visit pm naren
how are you dear? shall i send you some burnol? url
rt handle handle wat else this guy know other than finding negativity in everything pm modi does
modi modi chants everywhere
rt handle for num year modi has been globe trotting at ex chequers money n presenting himself as a superior
modi is really a superman
ready with my pop corn url
handle when modi ji saw krk in audience hashtag url
uae has supported indias demand for permanent membership to the un security council pm modi
when modi says y didnt any pm visited x country for y years.
num.numc at the stadium , people are being seated .
even the most internet addicted fellow also stood still to watch hashtag live in televisionwhat a spellbound speech hashtag
modi is the actual selfie queen.
hashtag modi has proved that u dont need to afraid to talk abt terrorism even in a muslim country bande mein dum hona chahiye
modi modi is everywhere. namo hashtag
if somebody shits in india, some bharatwasi in dubai flushes the toilet
there are around num flights between uae & india, but it took an indian pm num years to reach uae pm modi hashtag url
leaders like modi are born once in a century hashtag
nothing beats namo heartening to see how much the diaspora love him a real modern leader
handle patriotism by residential non indians rni, is directly proportional to the hatred for modi.
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi url
rt handle hashtag hashtag now admit num things num)an indian pm can earn respect globally.num)the so called minority fear on modi
mfgexecutive is modis make in india manufacturing campaign starting to pay off with hightech giants? url
handle modi proved he is men of words.
modi in dubai live indian prime minister concludes speech url
rt handle when hashtag says lekin kuch logo ko thodi takleef hoti hai hashtag gets confusd if hes talking about pakistan or con
wondered thru out what author wanted to say. felt like editor demanded an article, so wrote something url
rt handle modi embraces rich arabs but has no time for poor relatives of suffering muslims slaughtered in gujarat hashtag hashtag
modis leap of vision is india ready for a larger role? url hashtag
rt handle modi makes india highest growth rate countary in the world. hashtag
this man narendra modi is singling out pakistan in his speech.
pm modi when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with num cr indians. handle
rt handle foundation of trust between india and uae will last for years narendra modi ji.
rt handle during the visit of modi, uae announced the building of a new hindu temple. gulf twitter lost the plot hashtag
rt handle not even government organisations are designed to have access for disabled persons. good somenum is thinking about it url
they are still recovering from the shock that their dear leader is busy taking selfies with the sheikhs! emoticon url
awesome job hashtag hashtag hashtag for hashtag and hashtag
narendra modi independence day speech num speech highlights url via handle
handle handle haha,stupid apptardscongitards r always in modi bashing mode without facts just rhetoric!
faces of people in d crowd listening to modi s stupid speech gives an impression that they hv been forced to sit out thr hashtag
rt twittiptop url pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh url
best in favour of india hashtag
modi said all the things in uae that are forbidden to say in india and forbidden by indian media
we are proud of our pm url
those trending hashtag must be having julab with the response modi getting in uae hashtag
lol. now the defence expert becomes investment expert. jab arun jaitley is finance minister, this is small! url
how can a terrorist modi will speak on antiterrorism?
jo bhi vikas hua nda govt ne kiya=modi claims., when asked what ur govt has done in last num months. modi=we need more time. dogla modi
dont promote radhe ma here hashtag url
superb modi keep it up
pm hashtag address the indian community in hashtag url
handle handle this was being circulated as todays paper! modi visiting,this is the headline! even yesterdays headline is orop!
rt handle .handle indians in uae are mostly unskilled workers though around a fifth of the total hold highlevel jobs http
puppy modi roaring in uae. he has warned the world about terrorism as if he was not borned when the gujarat riots happened. hashtag
rt handle seeing modi in dubai i also want to become prime minister of india. hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi asks people to gift insurance to their sisters on rakshabandhan handle
rt handle we have defined the border with bangladesh for the first time since independence pm modi url url
adarsh liberals different poses after modi in uae visit . url
rt handle modi ji trolled pakistan like hell emoticon hashtag url
sanctions were put on india. that time, vajpayee ji had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi url
pm modi being targeted for im embarrassed statement on uae visit partii url
rt handle best thing did in recent time. voted for modi as pm. feeling proud for voting hashtag
modi holds talks with dubai ruler
the delhi universtity alumini website, do not have modi name in it
modi has zero respect for the post of pm. by peddling lies from red fort on independence day he has devalued independence day. hashtag
handle are you insane comparing modi with hitler
handle handle handle handle handle is dd gonna telecast the modis dubai programme
rt handle next demand should wear skull cap then should eat non veg biryani and then convert to islam url
just num hour prior to pms speech in dubai an anchor on ndtv was shouting why modi is silent on terrorismwant num see her face now handle
handle namo rocks wherever the spirit of india lives,be it any country of the world.his aura really revives nationalist fervour
rt handle pm modi handle says our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress hashtag
naturally emoticon url
must say handle modi ji is crowed puller and respected but his bhakts r gundaas
hashtag hashtag could emerge as the hashtag leader due to hashtag splendid efforts abroad, provided hashtag must deliver at home as well
so modi is against good taliban , secularism at stake . tweet like indian hashtag .
rt handle uae is a magnate which attracts indians from all parts the country. it attracts the entire world now pm modi hashtag
not many would think so url
bnum me about modi speech in dubai
handle modi in central asia islam is the embodiment of knowledge, piety, compassion, welfare, love and devotion.
lets see what will happen url
wow welcoming of hashtag ji in kerala traditional styel at uae url
the trust on namo url hashtag
rt handle attention modi bhakts and handle handle handle handle handle handle spread word https
pms trilliondollar promise num things he said to investors in uae
rt handle how many times did modi address d uae crown prince as his highness any count on dat hashtag
keep this enthusiasm up handle india really need innocent hearted ppl and namo friend like u
rt handle rta buses lined up to ferry modi supporters from internet city metro station. hashtag
handle *hashtag is only leader only who rtcan lead the world
the whole world concentrate on modi
revealed pm modis mission hashtag in uae delhi, news url hashtag url
handle hashtag whos hotter? rt for modi. fav for raghuram. handle url
traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill daily news & analysis url
burnol moment for all modi haters hashtag
uppinakayi url narendra modi will address more than num indians in dubai at numrtnum. do watch. another moment like mad
oh modi wishing keralites in malayalam
handle handle handle handle httpemoticon
rt handle hashtag this is not hashtag this is hashtag,hashtag d hashtag of hashtag a true global leader url
raga bhakts saying more he speaks more chances of him getting caught out for modi. rofl
modi learnt commitment frm me
first national anthem,bharat mata ki jai (in arab nation),greetings to keralites in malayalam namo clean bowled many hashtag.
mr.modi correctly described it as a religion of peace and humanity
handle well, for modi at least it seems island is far more natural.
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag now talking about madat & emigrate portal . url
rt handle hashtag pm modi warned citizens about the hidden & antinational agenda of antinational ngos. httpemoticon
many people wish many things, sab sach thodi ho jaata hai. like i wish you are transported to pakistan.
prime minister narendra modi will today address a massive in hashtag
what are the chances handle will cut modi speech midway ?
rt handle for india to properly gel with the arab world was long over due. great start from uae. all congrats to modi
hashtag modi government set to reverse stand on land purchases. for analysis from new delhi url url
hashtag pm narender modi one of the most viewed ceos in india rtlinkedin.
camera regularly focussing on num dawoodi bohras at the modi tamasha. dreading a muslim tag on them in media. hashtag
rt handle its a full house at the international cricket stadium for pm modi. hashtag url
rt handle i wonder what modi says to convince the other leaders to take a selfie with him.
handle you went to see modi ? definetly acche din
handle modi ji is bringing lot of foreign money and investors to india but actual outcomes of these steps will take time to effect.
rt handle gujarat ias officer lined up, waiting for his promotionhandle appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy t
modi hitting sixes & fours like sachin tendulkar scoring on shane warne in num. hashtag
modi says naujaavano ko rozgaar miley everyone starts staring at me
burnol for modi haters after grand success of dubai meet.
crown prince of uae has decided to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india, says pm modi. hashtag
indian prime minister modi is speaking handle cricket stadium and the place is packed hashtag url
rt handle that reminds me of rahul gandhis alleged parchi! url
handle handle handle lol, wish you and modi the same
hashtag spectators brave num degrees heat outside dubai cricket stadium to listen to modi hashtag url
modi ji ka india jumla express
dubai stadium half packed hours before modis speech url hashtag hashtag url
rt handle thank u namo for giving us so many reasons to smile.
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation url
handle i also love modi ji he is great man ever
rt handle with all this hoopla modi is bringing india just num,num,num crore rupees
how does modi manage to enthrall crowd everywhere i mean, there has to be some charisma or chord he manages to strike! stop being j, ok?
modi in dubai. mentions nagaland and the recent agreement with nscnim saying that for the longest insurgency, dialogue was the way forward
now congress will equate modi to hitler url
ya man ask for washing machine and check electric fee k, let us know we xo modi for u. dont do uself k. do for us k
modi has effortlessly transformed himself as global statesman on international stage. todays speech testimony to that hashtag
hashtag one hashtag attack means attack on all hindus. attack on me! attack to hashtag, attack to hashtag & hashtag! url
modi *gives a perfect speech,acts amazingly*
strongly condemn blast in hashtag. thoughts with families of the deceased. i pray for speedy recovery of injured, tweets pm modi
etn time for decisive battle against terrorism pm narendra modi pitching for a decisive battle against t url
handle when other heads will be as popular as modi. that simple. emoticon
handle narendra modi hashtag liked it. handle
handle now that both arabs & iranians support us, modi should push for permanent un
handle handle handle terrorist state pakistan sphere of influence punctured by success of hashtag url
rt handle handle his critics were rightmodi has no influence outside gujarat hashtag url
rt handle chant hashtag namo hashtag let hashtag n hashtag prevail in all hearts
arab already donated land for temple in num rtp handle hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle modi fans, i have good & bad news
i heard shortage of burnol in market after seeing modi grand welcome in dubai congresi feel sorry fr uhashtag
num people are not happy today, anti modi & pakistan. can someone please send burnol to them? hashtag
thegulfindian url the wait for the indian prime minister narendra hashtag at the hashtag cricke url
rtfalse hashtag victims present world over.voice raised in dubai
rt handle but nothing can beat this gem from handle. shows how much heartburn als had had after bjp victory in ls polls.
rt handle we have already split. there is a strong lobby num arun jaitley from two women in twitter. confused modi bhakts are mostly w
modi speaks malayalam in uae. earlier he spoke punjabi and gujarati in canada. is he advancing stereotypes? num words.
if modi cant respect others, he shd not deserve any respect too.
bumper to bumper traffic to venue
rt handle khaleej times team all set for narendra modis address at dubai cricket stadium today hashtag url
we are thankful to god for giving us a wonderful pm modia man of honour, confidence n humility
rt handle handle handle hashtag called seculars ko mirchi lag gayi handle ke liye crowd dekhkar ,barnol out of stock, lab
modis forced malayalam new year wish, did touch me in a soft place, i confess. not particularly proud of that.
rt timesnow it took an indian pm num years to reach uae. i promise this will not happen in the rtpm narendra modi hashtag
rt handle rahul gandhi swear on sonia and tell us honestly can you speak like handle hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle crown of prince of abu dhabi has agreed to give a piece of land for a hindu temple in abu dhabi. give him a standing o
live marhaba modi chant on in dubai as the pm gets ready for his speech url
rt handle num. modi made num days promise
welcome to the hashtag! now thats a selfie. modi tweets selfie with sheikh nahyan and dr gargash url via handle
so much rhetoric. hasnt modi now crossed indira gandhis level of it?
rt handle hashtag luk at d people outside listening to my pm url
modi has time to condemn bangkok blast, but no time to condemncomment attacks by pak on border! hashtag is for nri s only
if only modi was to find num people of that caliber for hrd and finance, he can still redeem the mess.
first time listen to handle live. difference bw other leaders & him is just of tense where other uses i will & modi uses i did
pm modi urges uae to invest in india numtonumonly news pm modi urges uae to invest in india prime minister narendra url
probably the first time he has openly trolled pakistan.
skill development mission a determined effort to create skilled india pm modi
tomorrows headlines namo delivers rousing speech in hindi to thousands of nonplussed malayalis on dubai
handle ur concerns r addressed. how uniquely modi is selling the insurance scheme and jdy
narendra modi harrowing viral video shows snake left to drown inside bottle to make snake wine snake wine is url
what a great speech narendra modi ji saheb we are proud of you dharam khatri
watching marhaba namo such a great speaker what an extraordinary reception
rt handle if there are any pakistanis in dubai i think they must be pretending they dont know modi is visiting
rt handle if you dont like modi, please go to pakistan. if you like modi, please come to san jose.
rt handle mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, uturns and flipflops, including on hashtag is talking about indecisiveness
hashtag is the perfect name of hashtag
rt handle congies watch what is happening in dubai, audience has not been transported by modi from india. modi is true peoples pm.
better late than never. a realization that delhi ought to have given shape to several decades back. url
modis entry in dubai addressing all indians is just like a superstar type hashtag
dubai rockz with namo \
rt handle india developing in a rapid speed, states like maharashtra & tamil nadu leads the nations development modi at dubai.
pic shared by friend hashtag
dear narendra modi, please make indian cities safe before attempting smart. url
namo all the way and on all the channels. prime time slot highjacked by namo. key strategic slot
handle just look at dubai. this is modi magic, indias prime minister and we are proud of modiji. hashtag
rt handle since hes chosen to block me, someone please send this link to handle on my behalf. thanks in advance!
so bhakts now blame rain for declining foodgrain output. little they know abt modi govts failure to supply urea on time & compensation.
hashtag hashtag hashtag best hashtag hashtag free dubai hd wallpapers app url hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
oh come on all indian likes nation n tiranga how come u credit this to modi ac. gazabb ho,
as soon as we are done with the trash in porkistan. not much longer url
num) uae backs indias permanent seat at unsc. emoticon
well its good write up sir >> handle modi and the muslim world url via handle
rt handle modi ji is only person who can take selfie in a mosque so for me he is undisputed king of selfie in the whole world.
never see such madness for another countrys hashtag wat a gigantic crowd in uae to welcome hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
modi talking like a real regional leader of a great country with vast influence. points to a stronger foreign policy.
handle handle we have heard rahul will go to reply modi in all country .
such an unbelievable welcomeamazing
modi will be the numst pm to visit uae in num years.
cos congress is like that distant relative who shows up in wedding uninvited n complains abt lack of salt in halwa url
now at dubai stadium marhaba namo overwhelming n cheerful crowd url
looking at the crowd going mad screaming modi modi makes me proud gives me the feeling once again of numth maynum
deep thinking, needed how pm modi could bring inflation low,gdp surging worlds no.num,gst assuming get passed,more dear to muslims, so on?
pm modi says thank dubai crown prince for allotting land to build a temple hashtag
rt handle india is thankful to uae for giving respect to our pm namo. thanks and love you uae. handle handle handle
rt handle lets call it hashtag url
rt handle hashtag pm modi warned citizens about the hidden & antinational agenda of antinational ngos. http
there is no good taliban, bad taliban or good terrorism, bad terrorism pm modi hashtag
rt handle narendra modi and arvind kejriwal are both self & media obsessed megalomaniacs, who manifest the dangerous cult of one perso
handle self drive car me selfie modi . hashtag
modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in num years. can congress deny the fact? tweet your views live on hashtag
the meeting between the nsa of india & pak is bound to focus on all aspects of terrorism. url
handle handle those who cant see this & digest this are not indians! modi left an indelible mark in uae! proud to hav him as pm
india, emirates united against terror pm modi
it is not fare on modis part to be successfull in evary fareign visits. he sud give some room for opposition to survive.
we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but were going forward with it pm modi url
rt handle see modi in dubai cricket stadium live on dd news numrtnum pm hashtag hashtag
indian pm modi addressing a crowd of around num,num people at the dubai cricket stadium at the movement . .
modi in uae public transport details for dubai sports city event url
live watch pm modi in uae welfare fund for distressed migrants pm modi url
the moment has arrived pm modi on stage in dubai
rt handle hashtag modi addressing indian community at dubai international cricket stadium
handle hazard has scored more goals from open play + modi not implementing policies he promised
modi has experienced that before
handle num.num lakh crore investment in one visit.it says all about your caliber mr.modi
modi departs from dubai tonight itself, no overnight stay. arab sheikhs love num things. dont was to elaborate more on this.
rt handle others have bae while modi has uae. lol
modi is a rockstar. should form a band.
rt handle cant stop laughing at this url
handle handle tbhi india itni tarakki ni kr skta.where u indians r not even loyal to your nation and talking dirty for great modi.
rt handle best summary of the bit on al makhtoum in modis speech today url hashtag hashtag
narendra modi no more pain during periods eat carrots for any woman, that time of the month seems really url
modi is a rockstar a true genius when it comes to public speaking hashtag
so, india has developed a lot over the last num years. hashtag at last feku accepts it url
never seen modi talk so strongly against terrorism. very impressed by that. for me, it is one of his strongest, nonpr speeches in a while
it reestablishes the balance between the modi governments leanisrael policy and the arabian gulf states url
true! modis popularity is media hype url
but no one can buy numk bhakts? that too in foreign land.
pm modi asks indian diaspora to give standing ovation to his highness crown prince of abu dhabi for alloting land for construction of temple
rt handle time to fight against terrorism together, and against people who support it narendra modi
wth this is that puppy modi once referred to? and reporter asking aap ko kaisa lag raha hai? handle handle url
rt handle modi once again proving gujaratis are born mba. goes to a foreign country, gets money from them, bitches about their friend an
hashtag hashtag congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas ndtv url
rt handle sahara group may have roped in lalit modi to sell hotels abroad. madison capital informs sc that co has asked it to forwa
handle wait for tomorrows bihar speech of namo
rt handle you can also watch pm hashtag live from dubai on yuvaitv url hashtag
last line he will deliver url
handle social media strategy of (inc) num) criticise modi gvt. without reason (only barking) & num) paibos of gandhi family (petism)
dont want to hear modi in dubaiwant to hear modi on orop
hashtag modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in num years. can congress deny the fact? tweet your views live on hashtag
hashtag unmatched uforia fr modi, that too without topi or iftaar! secular, u need to hunt some other ways to devastate bharat.
prime minister narendra modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium in dubai. hashtag
marhaba namo long queue of ppl, modi modi chants, posters, drums, jubilation who else can beat pm modi in popularity? hashtag
num were still num cr strong, & pak is still firi
namo greeted all malayalis new yr wishes in malayalam
people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival today pm modi
pm modi departs for his numday uae visit url via handle
pm modi urges uae to invest in india url pm modi urges uae to invest in india
handle handle handle both sides looking num call off d talks searching excuses. modi wants to hold talked dats y afraid num condemn pak attacks
ndtv more than num,num nonresident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai crick url url
watch live hashtag to address indian community in madison squarelike event url url
soon uae is gonna got tagged communal and fake caliphate. calls for isis take over will grow louder in indian media. url
rt handle neither he is wearing a skull cap nor he got circumcised. secularism failed. url
rt handle pm modis excellent message in uae ; num crore indians not a market, but a source of power.
in other news shortage of hashtag in india ! httpemoticon
we need more development in east india pm hashtag url url
rt handle modi ji said there is no corruption charges on him in num months,yes by transferring,suspending cvcs,weakning rti & ant
handle that doesnt mean modi is wrong. handle
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime url sps
time spares nonehandlehashtag***
handle guess namo is a man with a difference
rt handle lol handle i dont understand y these aapcongress fellows act like they wet their undies every time namo gives a speec
handle handle rock star follow modi ji
india today marhaba namo in dubai num things you must know. url
handle handle congress expects modi to praise the previous congress governance in india , which voters booted out
a wonderful picture welcome of pm narindra modi in dubai. url
more than num,num indian expats to hear modi at marhaba namo event in dubai hashtag url
pm modi offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to uae thats huge. if it happens india will soar to unprecedented heights hashtag
handle handle handle handle waisvi i dunno whthr u knw baba whn opnd his numst twttr accnt fllwd modi sabse phle
modis proved again hes a popular leader among nri. someone like him? can anyone frm pakistan afford num address url
handle handle handle right first of all why modi is there?
handle handle handle handle arabs concocted wid modi num promote hidutva?hashtag pl pick up d issue url
handle why do i get the feeling that this blast is screening namos dubai visit
strong .hashtag leads hashtag from d front
abu dhabidubai prime url
rt handle modi ends the speech wid bharat mata ki jai instead of naara e takbeer allah hu akbar in dubai wat else prove u want
handle short lived not coz he died, coz the aura he had of young, dynamic etc vanished quickly.modis is more solid.
national anthem, modimodi, bharat mata ki jai
rt handle vajpayee jia gift numu from modi ji. he felt ashamed of u in hashtag visit. it has become his takiakalam now of being ashamed
modi modiwhich pm commands this kind of euphoria in a foreign country. the peoples pm hashtag handle hashtag
just ask them what they think about hashtag
handle u doing a series with modi in uae pics, right? like the obama in india?
modi is taking credit for all we indians built over num years
rt handle all my years in gulf, i always believed nris here are not at all communal but modi manages to communalizepolarize every plac
now see opportunity ahead waiting
time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism; world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terror or against it modi
live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi hindustan times hindustan timeslive it took url
rt handle if modi decides to stop lying and be truthful he will work for hindu muslim unity and start working in his office for
this is how narendra modi dragged pakistan in todays hashtag speech
dear handle pappu, your standup comedy shows will be bigger hit at world stage than modis rock shows. im damn sure. try it.
handle they bought the gimmick unto themselves by believing num years back modi cant be pm.
pm modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential has been published on
rt handle when mms went on foreign tours,no one took note of it,but frustrated congies & presstitutes discussing every word of mod
it is modi vs rest self style leaders of india knowing nothing about devlopment. url
rt handle modi has spoken more powerfully in the last num mins, than manmohan singh, sonia & rahul gandhi have even tried in last num y
yes reports coming that after modis powerful speech pak is so scared that now they are leaving from pok url
modi visiting hashtag in uae. handle handle handle handle it will be one of your worst nightmare. hahaha
crown of prince of abu dhabi has agreed to give a piece of land for a hindu temple in abu dhabi. give him a standing ovation pm modi
this is a false news wikileaks never published anything like this url
joint statement of crown prince of uae mohamed bin zayed ai nahyan and pm narendra modi url url
have a modi dreams to all
did you know that pm modi was trending topic on sunday num for num hours in ahmedabad? url hashtag
poda. it shouldve been hummus, kuboos and sharjah shake. if you are in rome, try to live like a roman. url
governments handling of orop has been terrible only modi can fix it url
handle handle handle all predecessors have left the good things to be done by namo! v r lucky that u hv taken uphashtag
modi! modi! euphoric crowd is calling its leader in unison
rt handle i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of
handle one of the best performers in modi jis team.
rt handle how many heart burns tonite url
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae you are either with terrorism or with humanity pm modi
pm modi urges uae to invest in india numtonumonlynews url url
rt handle handle dna sample of modi & chamchas handle handle handle handle handle
electrifying crowd as always got goosebumps while hearing modimodi chants proud to be an hashtag hashtag
now his new slogan is jai ambani jai adani hashtag
how these hashtag maintain themselves doing bungee jumping only on bhasan.
handle we are lucky and its a god gift to us that we have seen namo as our pm hashtag
scamgress crying modi said this & that he did this & that only cos you scamgress said or did nothing handle handle handle handle
rt handle modi ji is spreading the wave f namo evrywhere hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
indians everywhere hashtag url
rt handle pm narendra modi holds talk with uae crown prince url url
rt handle hashtag modi jis visit to dubai will boost ties with dubai & bring more trade,investment to india and also help energy
which assumption ? mistreatment of ex servicemen at jantar mantar and silence of pm modi and his apologists on sm ? url
a little modi fan from dubai handle handle url
rt handle fascist modi is now indulging in saffronization of arabs too url
now firstpost will decide what pm will eat and what color underwear mr. modi wear.
rt handle revealed pm modis mission dawood in uae
handle mam while every one busy with namo any update on sri lanka
its icc world cup its fifa world cup no, its namo in dubai hashtag url
handle bhakt. they shud know the reality of ur modis performance.
fine sentiment. but why did ani only translate chhaata? url
hashtag modi makes all hashtag proud in dubai. he is a rock star
rt handle a century is not a century against australia when mcgrath is not there. hashtag url
i think modi is right to mention the indian labourers in the gulf. many of them out there.
narendra modi wants to become next father of nation handle handle handle handle url
pm modi has started addressing amazing crowd at the venue
if you have complaints against embassy, consulate, then you can use the madad helpline pm
marhaba namo forward together hashtag live url
now bhakts will start loving muslims
the occasion can be compared to hashtag hashtag url
handle should do a sting soon !
rt handle handle modi! modi! euphoric crowd is calling its leader in unison. hashtag
modi ji trolled pakistan like hell emoticon hashtag url
handle handle hes going to have the crowd laughing like modi never could. you know it.
handle shame on u mr modi to utter such nonsense
hashtag bringing broad smiles to peoples faces, those living away from home, in uae. he deserves the slogan being shouted. modi modi
rt handle dont flatter yourselves too much, hashtag is happy that hashtag is courting hashtag emoticon url
what nonsense is this people of uae going crazy over modi?
modi in uae live indians in dubai epitome of hard work, says pm the indian express url
url rt ggiittiikkaa original muslims have no issue with modis selfie in mosque;theyre visibly happy in escorting
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url hashtag hashtag hashtag
amazing crowd shouting modi modi modi! dear handle u want these ppl num enter parliament hashtag
handle handle handle oh its strange but true some reporter of handle accepted todays truth about hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi rocks, world watches url
dude handle modi is a once in a life time political phenomenon soak it up leave the crib and criticism for eternity emoticon
handle i hope every indian in the world is proud after modis speech in dubai proud to be an indian
rt handle modi sarkar sleeping why is not coperating to the investigation. corrupt modi sarkar. url
rt handle though you are modi haters,congis, aaptards definitely u are watching hashtag carefully than bhakts bcoz u need somethi
hashtag is everywhere in dubai hashtag hashtag handle
do u know difference between num and threenum and num difference was num now modi tried to decrease the diff
secondly, if modi is numst pm to visit uae in num yrs, how its belatedly? thirdly, meeting countrymen politics? url
dubai international stadium has hosted num odis and now num modi hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle modi did visit the labour camps. that sends a strong message. did you expect him to sit on a dharna then?
indian prime minister narendra modi is scheduled at dubai url
hope sun rises in east tomorrow morning
handle modi eats chicken? he is vegetarian right?
rt handle bharat maata ji jai chanting in the land of arab. this is real ghar wapasi event by fascist modi. hashtag hashtag
twitter num omg new pics of modi! must write a
rt handle rt radicalnum modi ji live speech z more hilarious thn comedy class
prince of uae hashtag url
we sent drinking water to maldives through flights pm hashtag url
how nice it would be , if few congressmen and opposition leaders listen to him url
pm modi arrives in uae today, says gulf region vital for india url
live from uae listening to narendra modi
rt handle why they put abhishek bacchhn and sanjay dutts portrait on wall? to impress hashtag ? url
sanjobaba lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite url
modi meets uae pm; discusses trade,investment url url
hashtag pm hashtag is not trying to isolate pak but if they dont cooperate its up to them sk sharma, former diplomat
rt handle india proud of expatriates handle url url
rt handle i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next num yrs pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
modi in uae delivering a speech and here we have arnab asking tom vadakkan to analyze his speech lolmsm has just lost the plot.
one quote fits handle,
good to see sri pm modi remembering what happened and hopeful about justice and law for bad people
rt handle pm modi takes dig at pakistan, says joint statement with uae sends clear message on terror
scares me how much we worship namo
this man is really come from heaven a gods gift. pm modi to address the indian community in dubai url via handle
he is not capable to do anything from india so choosen only barking from uae. url
no standalone visit was made to sri lanka since rajiv gandhi was indian pm pm modi in dubai url
handle when modi rules the world
handle there is no modi wave.
rt handle most important question is, if modi wave still working url
modi visits uae mosque in conciliatory gesture to muslims
rt handle pm handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi; starts his address
yes. namo is great last num years hashtag
url superb column by handle
handle handle handle hello awasthi sir are you coming to ara tomorrow modi jee is coming here im dying to meet him emoticon
cant remember the last politician who could build such hype and frenzy as hashtag! lets have another madison repeat,sir! hashtag
marhaba namo hashtag what a national pride and euphoria. he does clearly generate pride. wow! url
namo wished keralites on the newyear. per handle elections in kerala may be held ahead of time. sick. url
what is modi who is modi find out specially if u r hater
yet another modi speech & yet another outbreak of orgasmic delirium on twitter. meanwhile
handle handle india has num trillion investment opportunities pm modi in uae url hashtag
rt handle modi jee must wear skull caps and attend iftar partiesthats enough for indias growth hashtag
rt handle uae hell for women, no rights, no freedom.
hashtag speaks in malayalam for people of kerala
rt handle visit to mosque & land for temple.
we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and make in indiathere are many opportunities pm modi hashtag
rt handle there are numipl networks.numnetwork that the youth of the country can see.the other is hidden lalit modi network that works be
this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm narendra modi in dubai url
hashtag in love hashtag url
ndtv responding to atal jis call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exem url url
handle sir pm modi is busy dont have time url
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb url
indian clown modi is performing his shit in dubai hashtag
handle handle handle handle excellent planning and professional arrangements. jai hind. namo namaha.
rt handle want to hear narendra modis independence day speech. hope he says how he wont tolerate corruption, terrorism etc just for t
hashtag works to num for india while hashtag wd run to bangkok or some undisclosed hushhush location to save india from modi!
the hashtag is laughing at hashtag. httpsemoticon
rt handle the last indian before pm modi to take uae by storm was a curly haired num year old sachin swatting aussies everywhere! hashtag
crown prince num.num lakh crore! love!
rt handle and the mindless nautanki continues promoted loyally by the hashtag
rt handle live hashtag pm modi concludes his speech at dubai, read all about it here url
hindu. modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb url
rt handle they are chanting modi modi heartburn for indian hashtag and hashtag url
rt handle handle swacch bharat failed by muncipal corps in delhi,. url with the wind.
handle hashtag if this is true, i am very happy and pleased kudos to mr modi
rt handle in last two days, my general knowledge on uae has sky rocketed from num to marhaba namo hashtag
you can see the shine in the eyes of a person who hears the word india.the reason is indias changed image pm modi url
rt handle according to narendra modi democracy means agreeing with the bjp. hashtag
rahul, you have some competition in the num category.
pm modi attacks previous govts in uae, congress hits back prime minister narendra modi once again attacked pr url
raga mumma im going to give a media byte against the namo speech.
i like how modi makes his punch line, then waits for applause, them smiles.
hashtag now showing, marhaba namo in dubai. pm modis uae soft power push. extravaganza to put pak in place.
narendra modi and his model gujarath is the only hope we have to see a developed india in coming decade he only have the ability to it
i also heard whole speechjai hindi modi ji url
rt handle wonderful! i hope bhakts get a lesson in tolerance & secularism from pm modi ji! humanity is the universal religion! htt
handle now you will cry now saying modi is trying to saffronise uaertp
handle finaly modi talks about dawood arrest and conquered his wealth at uae
rt handle pm handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi
after clean india, digital india, skill india, time for accessible india. the et report spells out the contours url
every person coming to dubai stadium to see the most shameful item of indian history
modi did not sing national anthem during the hashtag event
every time is prime time when a leader like modi ji speaks.
now listening to modi live from dubai handle
only show off no heartily msg url
man grow up he is doing som
hashtag time for decisive battle against terror narendra modi august num, num at numrtnumam url hashtag hashtag hashtag
such a huge indian expat population in uae.yet no government saw the need for ties. surprising much. hashtag url
.handle even pakistanis want their leader to be namo. i have many friends their who admire him.
handle ur a world leader
handle namo and bjp just lost num votes real chaos at the stadium for entry. organizers adding to the chaos
who thought numday ppl would shout modi modi worldwide more than saachin saaachin
handle modi act circus
rt handle thats num billion dollarsmind boggling figure its modi magic
watching indias biggest rockstar live n tv from dubai rtd hashtag hashtag hashtag handle handle handle handle
i wonder if any msm outlet will choose to carry a pic of indian muslims cheering namo at the dubai crkt stadium! url
rt handle modi the mesmeriser woos the crowd with such ease that it appears as if he is weaving a magic wand & they are all hypn
rt handle this is the stadium in dubai where pm modi will address beloved indians. hashtag url
rt handle very great news now burj khalifa also welcome and honour pm modi ji in dubai hashtag url
hashtag * the only difference between madison square and dubai reception is handle episode. marhaba namo
newly added modi woos uae with $num trillion investments url
i liked a handle video url pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
pm modis address at investors meet at masdar city in abu dhabi
another stellar performance from namojijai namojai bharat uae friendship! url
handle handle undoubtedly da bestest moves was for jumme ki raat n the very beginning namo narayan n also macez liftsuperb
hahhaaits true hashtag hashtag handle url
pm modi meets uae pm, to discusses the trade, investment url
proud to have hashtag hashtag as hashtag prime minister
two completely opposing policy prescriptions of indias policy vis a vis afghanistan
i see a mini india in front of my eyes namo hashtag
as many as num million hashtag in hashtag, now finally land num one hashtag temple allocated as pm modi visits url
list of uturn taken by modi government till date hashtag
kiski azadi mrs handle? handle handle rightly observed about people like u url
handle most of the pakistani r watching modi speech on tv
pm modi emphasizes good relations with neighbors, crowd jeers in modi chant url url
good taliban, bad taliban. good terrorism, bad terrorism. this wont work anymore pm modi url
handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. hashtag
best outcome of pm modi uae visit uae will sleep more peacefully tonight. handle
rt handle modi said india was proud of expatriate indians settled and working in the uae url url
the modi sarkar is as spineless as a maggi noodle. it has been neutralised in num minutes flat. hashtag url
mr. modi tell me which head of the state from middle east visited india in last num years
handle modi becoming like a cheer leader ha ha , ask him to wear bikini also. hashtag
rt handle how dare the police have a field day by attacking old retired armed personal at jantar mantar & pm modi is silent .
many say modi boasts of his achievement, well, you can boast only when you have achieved something, hashtag
handle if people like you start voting for pm modi and bjp, then no need for nri to become mp. you will be his mp. handle
rt handle modi announces uae crown prince has given land to build a hindu temple in dubai and pledged an investment of num.num lakh cror
handle handle its media who siad once modi come to power, pal will be fearful, see what happens? no courage to control !
marta kya na karta if they dont who will save them from wrath of handle url
rt handle handle moron, lalit modi ran away bcause of aj, sri, shukla trio. he doesnt give a damn abt ed.
rt sanjaykaul he is not the event manager tom, he is the event. url
pm handle ji attacking in public meeting in the stage wont workout for terrorism.
handle and for what are you blaming me for corruption did i help the symbol of black money mr lalit modi
hashtag hashtag are going stronger day by days
rt handle i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next num yrs pm hashtag url url
rt handle pm modi uae supports indias bid for permanent membership at the unsc.handle handle
this is why modi govt asking us to give up subsidy hashtag http
mohtarrma ko us visa deny hogaya lagta url
get me some social security. please!
pm shri handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi. hashtag url
modi in dubai live indian prime minister begins his address url hashtag
rt handle simple because they wet their undies thats why.
they may have cheered.
rt handle guj hc acting chief j sahai if you raise this issue (modi govt allotting plots to judges), many more scams will come h
andheri raat mein diya tere haath mein.
num. bjp clean sweep in mp polls
rt handle face palm for those who used to said, who knows hashtag beyond gujrat hashtag hashtag url
rt handle today first time bjp spokesman handle was very good n cong spokesman was totally confused. modis mosque visit is
there were no bank accounts or insurance schemes for indians before jan dhan rtmodi in dubai http
rt handle namo is almost doing ashwamedha yagna capturing hearts of country after country url
such a electrifying atmosphere in dubai for modi most of them might be keralitesland of commis will soon saffronise.
its a shame you cant see yourself the way i see you,the view is so much better from this side. url
handle world brand summit remember, ppl paid to get url ppl loved to attend modi s meeting
rt handle uae govt allots land for temple in abu dhabi, pm modi terms it landmark decision
rt handle handle i am sure modi will deliver on his promises. would you kindly focus on installing cctv and providing wifi?
handle what a delight to watch u modi jii, u make a history wherever u go across the world, modi modi modi in dubai hashtag
prime minister narendra modi on monday urged top businesses in hashtag
modi u beauty hashtag
rt handle sandip roy pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims url
handle rightly said sir. hope modi ji has realised that by now.
rt handle handle pak already isolated from gulf sunni muslim countries after they refused to take part in yemen war. modi capit
i wish some hashtag see the writing on the wall hashtag url
they are busy in blocking one by one in twitter url url
rt handle pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium. live updates url url
sealing lalit modis acs in singapore is a strong warning to all those who are involved in illegal financial activities let it be any where
modi visits num countries in num months prime minister narendra modi has visited num countries url handle
whethr u hate hashtag or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u.or u r paid to hate. hashtag
modi ji ( saheb ) we say jai jawan jai kisan one is forced to suicide and other is on hungerstrike.jai modi bolenge.lets see what happens
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle govt role modi pressurised sbi he himself present th
how modi govt plans to enable the differently abled url
handle ji, we expect u to read nt only handle modi news but also news which falsifies ur wonder critics url
crowd chanting modi modi modi
rt handle handle handle handle handle heartburn for modi haters. hashtag keep rocking an
hi baba iddiki mistercollinson, wanna get free iphnumne num? please checkout my binum. thx url
modi taking another dig at pak
which is never done by sonia and son
we all @ namo sm parivar are rea
handle what about congress writing to obama about modi? what are they complaining about handle uae comment. hashtag
if you have a powerful voice and want to learn the nuances of intonation in public speaking, you absolutely must study modis speeches.
handle the greatest pm jai namo
hashtag arnab, pls understand that tom vadakkal will never acknowledge anything positive in matters involving pm modi
rt handle real reason behind modis visit to uae pranay sharma aug num,num url via handle
today is the sad day for pak, indian congress, aap, lutyens media and seculars. modi roared in dubai. hashtag
handle india is charged up surge ahead to become a superpower. the super charger is modi no doubt about it.
handle pm modi is the sachin tendulkar of indian politics, the best india has seen!
handle wat say emoticon url
rt handle hit whr it hurts d most national herald, vadradlf, lalit modis claim of sonia asking nummillion $s. only was num resolve
handle handle when our war veterans r on fast here for orop,modi is enjoying in dubai.hashtag.
rt handle only a leader of modis stature can talk about terrorism in an islamic country.
modi has well developed gujarat. can we call him mini india, power house of india.
rt firstpost firstpost pm modi, sonia gandhi condemn bangkok bomb blast url url
photo album pm modi in uae some interesting moments from prime minister narendra modis trip to the united a url
rt handle pm modi knows how to work a crowd. amazing energy. others wilting in the dubai heat!
hashtag media is talking of mundane expectations from pm visit. i c indians, muslims included, pure love for motherland n modi.
handle but uae isnt member of unsc. afaik one unsc member no can defeat resolution. but yes modi diplomacy is historic.
this is the largest number of connecting flights between any two countries narendra modi ji hashtag
handle handle hashtag is nuts
challenge to pm modi if you are what you say you are on leadership bring in programs that such indians would want to settle back in india
hashtag s speech over,a sheepish hashtag is back with his dogmatic antics! hashtag
modi to visit hashtag in november lee url hashtag url
rt handle some wonderful campaigns
best speech by pm, protect against terrorism with uae, first temple in uae, should be doud assets seezed by uae well done modi
the only thing coming to my mind ,smbdy said modi ko gujarat ke bahar kon janta hai . hahaha hashtag
rt handle indian pm winning arab hearts could change the way how indian muslims view themselves and how they see modi
indiadubai num flights every week, modi says. correct handle?
handle lmao , back to back num tweet of antimodi you are going to die one day if modi ji keep speaking like this
now. im surprisedwhen modi went in maszidd
handle handle bhai, raga manhus nai he, hes biggest namo supporter. he also wants hashtag
modi speech is all over, not just in handle but in handle handle handle handle & all.
rt handle hashtag me too url
hashtag renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, is it not anti national & treason to india?
num crore indians a source of power pm modi
great leader pm hashtag taking on odds from gulf hashtag
hashtag ten former service chiefs write to pm narendra modi seeking justice on implementation of hashtag
rt handle rthandle only modi modi at sheikh zayed grand mosque uae url what is happening in communal a
hashtag is a patriotic statesman
in a short while from now pm modi to address indian diaspora at the dubai cricket stadium url
modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential url url
rt handle modi addressing the crowds in dubai i see here before me a miniindia
whats the today situation url
handle liberals after modi jis speech in dubai. url
modi all around hashtag
great coverage by gulf media of modis mega show at dubai. statement by statement update of speech & live feed url
watching modi jiwill tweet later emoticon hashtag hashtag
aur fir namo namak thunder se bachne ki koshish karta hai url
witnessing a mini india in dubai modi prime minister narendra modi on monday told an ecstatic crowd of aroun url
imf, world bank, moody ratings all describe india as the fastest growing economy narendra modi
hashtag hashtag gang were absolutely right hashtag has no influence outside gujarat hashtag
modi doing wonders for india and he connects emotionally with indian ppl all over the world.uae witnessing it today url
this reaction from inc is not surprising as they have been treated for their chronic disease by a bitter pill by dr. namo hashtag
modi modi chants everywhere url
handle handle handle handle
madad govt portal for help handle url
handle such euphoria no doubt pm modi rocks hashtag hashtag url
for those who criticize modi for visiting foreign countries, he got num.numl crore investment + support for permanent seat in unsc.hashtag
handle handle aap delhi govt says modi ji secratly wanted keajari govt come ib.j.p.
handle modi ji is on fire, hes outstanding today hashtag
equation of indian politics modi + mulaum + mamata tal meel, desh ke liye godmeel. url
just want to confirm, is islam in danger or safe?
rt handle you can follow this page for more real time updates about modis uae visit
modi has set the agenda for the world ie. fight terrorism & broadly divided the world into num ie.humanity & nations for terrorism hashtag
rt handle after num years of independence num of indians still had no bank accounts, in num year num crore indian families have bank account
handle dnt ask handle who knows nothing abt modior rss ideology rss led bjp govt banned hashtag
meet narendra modis mosque man who made the sheikhs roll out red carpet for pm url
handle modi rock showyou should proud to be indian
not get inspired this is
few months ago modi ji announced that the citizens of many countries will get visa on arrival at indian airports n its not done till date.
handle great news! by the way, is modi ji bringing dawood back in his own flight or booked another one for him?
rt handle a big slap to those who said modi is only famous among hindus & no one knows him outside gujarat.
indeed,and that glorious govt tradition continues
businesses in uae can partner indias growth pm modi url
what a great and aspiring speech by our hon pm narendra modi in dubai. really overwhelming. felt proud of our nation and our pm
nation witnessed who lost mental balance in rajya rtmodi loses mental balance says congress url via handle
rt handle modi speaks malayalam in uae. earlier he spoke punjabi and gujarati in canada. is he advancing stereotypes? num words.
glad modi did not say today that its because of me quakes in nepal finally stopped. hashtag hashtag
handle cant explain the mood of this crowd waiting for namo url
rt handle i am seeing a miniindia before me right here in hashtag, says pm modi. hashtag
cant help noticing audience making fans out of note bundle during modis speech in dubai how convenient! rtd
great, full of pride and purpose url
handle at every foreign trips of modi these idiots pops up asking question kya aapke adarsh mein liberal hai?
handle handle handle general qns how many roits happened in india after modi grab power how many punished
nations with a terrorist mindset subtle modi is subtle
world today even uno in search of a strong leader & pm modi destined for the task.
after speech of namo hashtag see the frustration of rajdeep sardesai a journo of india todayhe need burnol url
rt handle friend sent me this pic. electrifying atmosphere, thousands waiting outside. modi modi chants all over. hashtag url
overwhelming crowd at dubai cricket stadium for pm modis address hashtag
rt handle whether you agree with his ideology or you dont, but you cant deny the fact that modis oratory skills are godmode!
united states, china,france, germany,china uae and world over its modi wave, surely by num india url
rt handle modi pr team claiming credit for hindu temple land allocation in uae which was done in upa time hashtag url
i dont know whether mr modi will be able to refurbish his image among muslim masses,by sitting with arab dictators
url time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi hashtag
handle because she hats modi handle
handle yup indeed i thought u r tlking abt modi
handle modis youtube channel.
rt handle ya allah,this is outrageous modi is on conversion drive converted shiekh ibn al habibi num al habibi sharma
modi my predecessors have left very good things for me to do
love pull them to make huge crowd url
the r also millions of pak community wrkng in different capacity in gulf,so hv ever our pm addressed num such big hashtag? url
rt handle communal modi govt blocks peace progress & equal opportunity for muslims & then cons them with owaisi & sabir ali
whole crowd is chanting in unison, modi modi modi at dubai stadium. loud echoes of vande mataram. hashtag hashtag hashtag
i know you have many complaints regarding embassy (crowd answers no), its good if you dont have any, but in case you havepm modi via
this what he doeslathicharge exservice men who guarded the nation and hide lalit+modi+black money url
rt handle hashtag india is changing not because of modi but due to num crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but
handle handle i m sure kings of uae would jealous of modis popularity
watch live shree narendra modi ji speech hashtag handle handle handle url
rt handle no surprise modi fans causing trouble
for fans, i am not anyones fan boy aj or dr swamy or even pm modi. my allegience is towards india. thats about it. period.
handle only hashtag like hashtag is capable to do that
india has been a victim of terrorism for around num years pm modi url
rt handle crowd chanting modi!
wow one of best explanation of hashtag .thanks handle ji. url
rt handle was modi invited ? didnt dare to invite. why find fault with modi? url
rt handle hashtag slaughters num muslims in gujrat & then takes a begging bowl to hashtag not for the people of hashtag but to enrich hashtag
rt handle thats congis, aaptards, presstitutes who will never like anything only coz its modi hashtag url
rt handle the only person who will give modi an inferiority complex
num) has modi governments popularity declined in last one year?
neither money nor status not even sexy girls. only narendra modis outside india thrilling speeches inspire me to become an nri
handle handle wouldnt uae have problem with modi using their country as platform for suck msgs?
watch live hashtag pm narendra hashtag address crowds at hashtag international cricket stadium url
handle well, handle is playing it live saw muslims in crowd cheering modi modi sickulars are contemplating suicide. hope they do
who worked selflessly for the nation.
prime minister narendra modi on his way, audience asked to take their seats.
namo gives num chest to every indian
thats modi hats off sir hashtag
i love modi everybody love you modi
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url hashtag
watching modijis amazing speech & love of dubai for modi ji. dont miss
we need more event managers like modi for a great name and we need them in all levels for a great progress hashtag
clive stafford smith url
rt handle world leader modi ! url
handle handle u can tweet now. coz url
handle handle handle modi is like you if you too join it will be great for both countries its people
hashtag modi chants in dubai reminded me sachin sachin in sharjah during desert storm hashtag
very gracious indeed ! url
spotted at the residence of
rt handle pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium hashtag
every foreign country visit of modi increasing the proud & power india
handle handle handle wow leading d kind of ascetic life modi has led for decades, no wonder he had d prescience of numn
handle namo dubai , proud of you sir. hashtag
handle handle hashtag is all about hashtag and money money money for saffron causes not in hashtag national interest but hashtag
padho yaar. koi toh padho. im wasting my wise cracks about mallus in dubai here. url
lets all gear up for world cup mania in uae cricket ground right now, larger than life atmosphere yeah its modi url
rt handle why the hell these people keep trending hashtag or something related to modi
if you know, you know. url
rt handle hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi thanks uae govt, says its a great step abu dhabi (uae) in a move that ha url
handle modi is still in election mode.
handle haha. missed that. ek aadh slip up tp hota hai modi se. magar hinglish goof up kahan. woh to hamare future hai.
handle handle and modi ji is also promotingemoticon
handle handle could you please confirm if bjps tv crew is broadcasting modis gala event from dubai to tv channels thanks!
being connected with dubai for so many years it feels great to hear namo. he is really connecting the dots hashtag
naga peace one of the greatest achievement of namo hashtag hashtag
modi jee must wear skull caps and attend iftar partiesthats enough for indias growth hashtag
handle hashtag total twts num, participants num, original twts num
aaptards compare this world icon modi with an idiot, who got slapped by rikshaw wallas. url
rt handle handle ,modi be wishing u were not here, not becos ur religion but cos ur sustained venom. handle handle
its really awesome. modi has made a rajnikanth in dubai. hashtag handle
the kind of all good work tht our pm modi is doing fr the entire nation. establishes the fact that congress never wished india ever prospers
rt handle sources say next, handle will write on whether modi should colour his hair with loreal or godrej haird colour.
i am all set to listen to shri narendra modi, rt if you are all set and read to listen to pm modi ! hashtag
vote on the poll pick narendra modi in uae best video on url hashtag url via handle
i sense mr.modi is the best orator available at present hashtag
rt handle num agreed! make handle the hrd minister! url
sanjeev kapoor comes to namo to cook his dinner rtd
hashtag namo has support all over the world hashtag url
swaminomics mr modi, dont let bihar distract you from ruling india url
one step forward, seven steps back for foreign relations. url
modi offers $numtrn investment opportunities url hashtag
rt handle hashtag handle
handle bjp states meat ban.mod govt is happily exporting meat instead of ban.india nonum exporter of meat under modi govt.hashtag
rt handle modi jis num months as pm.
modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate url hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm narendra modi takes a selfie at sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi url
end of d day money make manythings,which v can witness in dubai. money making scams of modi succeeded end of the day.nice event management!
modi must be the only gujju in dubai whos talking about every single topic except gold.
rt handle i received birthday greetings directly from pm narendra modi
handle handle har taraf modi ka jalwa.i am feeling so strong like an american. url
rt handle spectators brave more than num degrees of heat to get inside the dubai cricket stadium to listen pm, narendra modis address.
modi, a devout hindu, being received in a prominent uae mosque by the countrys top leaders speaks volume. modi was wearing a saffron scarf.
rt handle in uae, modi called celebrity chef sanjeev kapoor to cook for him & celebrity barber javed habib to trim his hair. hashtag
rt handle a feast. world has become aficionado of modi. marhaba modi
rt handle no one dissing modi speech live on twitter. is he really that good or am i following all the right people?
rt handle handle handle modi only vocal and his teammate jaitley is like p.chittambaram
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to facilitate regula url
how many you give iftar party.
handle always searching for a point to malign mr modi. when whole the nation is watching modi in uae, you are chest beating as usual sic
handle handle why modi is not talking about terrorism of rss in india.he himself is with terrorists.handle handle
deliver abroad wherever you go, never mind what goes on at home.
we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and make in indiathere are many opportunities pm modi url
rt handle handle prepares fivecourse numkarat gold dinner for handle
rt handle almost every leading newspaper carries an editorial on how pm modis iday speech reveals his govts barrenness and inef
expatriates are considering modi as indias pm, but modi treating them as bjp supporters! hashtag handle
modi ji recycle his speech every time he visits new country. but, bhaiyon behnosawa sau karad janta remains constant. hashtag
hashtag i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next num yrs pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
handle mr modi kindly see home conditions before you look at others.such things are so common on our border.have you noticed them?
dawood having nightmares about modi seizing his accounts.
rt handle these days news channels are focusing on two personalities for trp ride.
national interest compromised.
handle screw the politics u really want india not to progress so that ur ego is satisfied by seing modi lose ? shameful this is
rt handle clicking mosque selfie & getting land for templenot enough! communal modi communalizing uae with communal dinner http
u worry abt ur daal roti
rt handle hashtag india
started emigrate portal to address problems of indian pm hashtag url
prime minister narendra modi unleashes best performance by an indian in dubai cricketstadium url
what about the idea of one congress man to accomplain mr. modi during his foreign visit to encounter his allegations simultaneously.
guys have sympathy to handle handle handle handle handle they are in deep trauma url
hashtag on the move hashtag visits num countries in num months
rt vidyut symbol of peace, piety, harmony and inclusiveness that are inherent to the faith of islam ~ modi url
handle cong is bitter aftr its bad brk up wit indians in india n abroadaccpt itstop cribbg n mov on! y ds obsessn wit modi! hashtag
hashtag successfully signed peace pact with nagas pm. this depicts modis conviction.
modis mosque visit attracts mixed response from muslims agra mufti mudasar ali qadri praised modis decision url
handle while one can build a mosque in bharat, it took namos prowess to obtain this concession in uae ! handle handle
rt handle so nice to see this grand mother at the middle, shouting modi modi emoticon hashtag hashtag url
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it pm modi
handle handle congress not good in advertising their policies and achievements, whereas modi and his team are world leaders in adverts.
i like a discussion modi ji in dubai on url hashtag url via handle
wen modi ji avoided to go to mosques libtards used to say
rt handle exserviceman who escalating situation deliberately despite modis assurance,
prelude to sept. obamamodi summit india &us boost cybersecurity cooperation.
hashtag now its uae s turn to listen namo mantra
agree congress in num yrs couldnt achieve it. but now that modi is our pm, it shouldnt take much time. url
lovely speech of pm shri narendrabhai modiproud to b gujarati and gujarat
live india, uae joint statement is a clear message against terrorism, pm says
all d hashtag comparing hashtag mosque visit with bihar poll, if modi wanted attention, he would have visited jama maszid instead !
wine wine a new baron in bordeaux aug num, num narendra modihas an agenda of his own. this post has been generat url
handle a powerful speech which made a namo wave in dubai and as well as in india.& thank you ,sir for the greetings for malayali !
rt handle handle dares to raise the issue of war against terrorism standing on soil of middle east asia. thats it. https
hashtag wud require tissues,diapers,facewash,etc aftr seeing modis respct! handle handle any offers?
handle the said land for construction of temple was donated by a muslim arab trader in num modi is taking credit now .any shame bhakts.
evry week num+ flights go numm india to uae & it took numyrs for indian pm to visit that nation hashtag hashtag
ndtv congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url url
now battery life is only num need to switchoff. till modi bhai arrives. bbye my rws. enjoy
live it took num years for an indian pm to come to uae, says modi hindustan ti url
rt handle pm modis statement regarding terrorism is pretty clear, and the ball is now in pakistans court jayadeva ranade url
who moved the falafel? narendra modis arabian adventure comes with a gujarati thali url
handle are u quoting from handle s letter to pm modi? handle handle
indias modi touts government achievements in annual speech url
rt handle wen modi s image gets a set back due to failures n incompetency his pr agency plans big exotic events abroad hashtag
handle handle nice view by modi ji
indian pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims url
adds to media hashtag hashtag frustration irritation !
rt handle development is the need of the hour in east and north east india; we are bolstering infrastructure in the region pm mod
without doubt! .handle is modi already the most popular, most enthusing leader across the globe, ever?
people chanting modi modi in dubai reminds you of the operation desert storm of num.
prime minister narendra modi is on a twoday visit to the uae and at present he is in dubai. presently he is url
rt handle the reception of handle in uae reminds me of a paki cabbie in dubai who had said yeh modi bada jabardast aadmi hai
rt handle even modi reads and deliver speech hashtag handle handle handle handle handle htt
hashtag modi loving the speech! how can we even compare him to other pms other than mr vajpayee
the new call from hashtag for hashtag hashtag, a step in the right direction url
hashtag all eyes on sports city cricket stadium dubai. go namo. handle live.
rt handle time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi. hashtag
i am sure & confident that our pm narendra modi government wiil make sure our nation super strong.
hashtag modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment url
&& who says muslims dont like modi url
nonsense. he became happy with a piece of land for mandir. it reaffirms modis narrow mind. instead should ask minm wage for indian labourer
rt handle prime minister narendra modis uae visit in pictures url url
modi knows what to say, when to say? a real communicator. hashtag
uae hashtag masdar inspires pm modi to say science is life hashtag url via handle
i somehow get a feeling that the num lakhscitizen jumla will complete a full circle with uae promising num.num lakh crore investments to modi.
rt handle love hashtag! never misses a chance to rub it in that hashtag got a ripped a new one last may.
handle so does uae hashtag hashtag in dubai hashtag
for temple at abudabi clear message to terroristshashtag matha ki jai
rt handle you are those people who have worked hard and are working here for many years. at the same time you are enhancing india
last message of general hameed gul to modi before death url
handle wah re , kya logic lagaya haiill not be surprise if u say modi has a private mosque in his house
prime minister modis num year reminder. why is congress angry? tap to watch the newshour debate live wit url
rt handle modi holds talks with dubai ruler url url
rt handle bnum rtnamo is popular on twitter but will it translate into votes?rtnamo is popular wherever he goes but we still ha
congress dieisase jyada ka to hum scam karte the
video pm modi urges uae to invest in india numtonumonlynews pm modi urges uae to invest in india numtonumonly url
crowd cheers jai as pm modi says, bharat mata ki; concludes his speech hashtag hashtag url url
but sadly it doesnt resonate in india with few getting bails & few on bail! url
indian pm narendra modi seeks investments from uae url
rt handle modi in hashtag hashtag timings extended url
you will be destroyed for becoming villain.
narendra modi recognition of professional social workers sign the petition! url via handle
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae in num years, here are num things he did first url via handle
pappu mother & father could not save indra,father was enable to save his mother,pappus mother not saved his father? url
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle no hindus in india will believe the writing of modi
bhakts are unbelievable. first they abuse sheiks now they are proud of modi for clicking selfies with the same sheikhs. what fools!
dubai hila diya re watching narendra modi
how many heart burns tonite url
even supports were unstoppable url
rt handle handle we join the uae government in welcoming indian pm narendra modi on his statevisit to our nation.
entire dubai cheered when num lok sabha elections results were declared modi hashtag
rt handle .handle modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate. url httpemoticon
handle the mosque welcomed namo with chants n he was not there to please fakes like u, just see public response n hang ur head in shame
he said the same about indian army at rewari rally
rt handle hi handle have a good day
venue dubai cricket stadium
traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill daily news & analysis hashtag url
forget the hiccups and the doomandgloom msm columns. pm modis popularity is intact. hashtag url
handle why so? this is not done whats d deal? modi ji this is not expected of you. kindly clarify. handle handle handle
rt handle we opened bank accounts for poor pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi raise your fist and say bharat mata ki jai. crowd obliges. end of speech. handle
whhhooohhhmodi magic abt to begin hashtag
i have never seen any leader who tweets every tweet as their first tweet like modi url
fishermen between india and sri lanka fought each other on and off narendra modi
can a pm lie on a foreign land!
what a festive sight to behold hashtag url
(numdegree temperature.)
hashtag today is history made by indian prime minister bcz at numrtnum pm modi live in dubai cricket ground
modi, forain policy is long term
hashtag nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai url url
rt handle modi is working non stop doesnt take holidays. works on sundaysworks tirelessly.
via narendra modi app
joint statement of crown prince of uae mohamed bin zayed ai nahyan and prime minister narendra modi url
rt handle jan bhagidari of hashtag under modi govt. has brought unprecedented citizen participation in governance. url
rt handle saarc countries have come together on the path to development narendra modi
rt handle .handle handle bohras world over a regular feature at modi events such as hashtag
drinking game take a shot each time modi speaks about himself in third person
handle nice one sir good analysis why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world url via handle
mind blowing speech modi sir.your words are a inspiration!rock on modi sir!hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
modi india is full of opportunities.
handle modi has announced fresh subsidy on burnol why dont you try cheap one
no surprise modi fans causing trouble
hashtag he is one pm who deserve the salutation honourable before his name hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag wonderful speech by pm modi ji. people listening to him even in this sweltering heat. hashtag url
rt handle bombing in bangkok. will seculars blame rss? hindus? guj riots? babri demolition? modi? what now sirs?
num odis and now num modi. proud to
i am bittu kumar from bihar disttara.i am selected in indian air force.my joining letter had come to me
jan bhagidari of team india under modi govt. has brought unprecedented citizen participation in governance. url
handle handle handle handle narendra modi travels abroad and insults previous government. he only cares about nm
handle true sumhw toilet cleanliness id nt a priority fr normal indians so blamin modi doesnt make sense handle handle
hashtag a show off is better than nothing
rt handle hashtag pm hashtag addresses expats.
namo thrashed pak without even naming it once. loud cheers! hashtag
modi to dubai indians never apologize for having high standards.
handle modi n his antics are getting really gross, modiji, rt now ur credibility lies in tatters.let swamy salvage it bnum u get ur ass bit
modi ji plz invite me too if the sums are rinum
in india when you oppose modi ji then people will treat you as pro congressi
rt handle modi wave is over
rt handle thats y i said dont outrage so early. clearly designed controversy lutyens media when modi is on a successful visit to uae &
which channel for best coverage of modi event?
rt handle i guess that like ls elections & modiyapa at madison, this time too modis gala event is being broadcasted by bjps tv crew on
handle u must convert to islam. polygamy is allowed sir. slap on modi police. i hope ur congi wife will not have probs with ur frnd.
if indira gandhi were alive today, she would have supported narendra modi. hashtag
handle manyheads of state even makeerror while reading speech modi is defining hisownstyle accept it now handle handle
he (modi) is the greatest event
rt handle nothing real and definite modi licking the tip of the iceberg hashtag
pak i suppose! modi being modi wudnt give d co. much of importance. clearly! url
all indians in abu dhabi should thank the leaders for allocating land for temple narendra modi ji hashtag
leaders cannot be made. they are born naturals. words, language, references, statistics namo is touching all right chords. hashtag
modi departs for dubai pm handle departs for dubai on the second leg of his uae visit, tweeted extern url
handle the competition is between namo and arnab is it
there is a difference bw powerful & popular (loveable) leader.
now this really is amusing! guess they want pak to merge back into india url
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has hosted
pakistan in danger of being isolated.pak sponsored terror clearly the target of indiauae joint statement.only modi has managed to do it!
rt handle do you see those muslims in dubai chanting modi modi how much more secularism you need
prime minister modis first day in the uae in pictures url via handle
rt handle treat the hashtag as they deserves
rt handle what humility!
rt handle modi was all praise for pakistan today. just because, he didnt name it. rtd
handle got the link. url
surprisingly all the hashtag critics seems to be in favor of the hashtag hashtag and hashtag all of sudden. waah hashtag ji
rt handle burnol moments for modi haters handle handle handle handle handle handle url
rt handle pm hashtag reemergence of india, china & their relationship will have deep impact on the num countries & course of this
hope at least in namo regime true secularism will be implemented seen, defeating all pseudo secularists & their ulterior motives.
rt handle simplicity & unity are indias strength handle modi hashtag url
after modis specatular blasting innings now its turn for extra innings by adarsh liberals on msm to find fault hashtag
rdfc can modi & co deliver? the world awaits modis visit to some developed countries such as the us, japan, url
kamaal r khankrk this is the website url modi ji was url hashtag url
after watching modi ji, manmohan singh is thinking asli pm to ye hai, mai to bc chutiya tha hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm modi is one of the most viewed ceos in india with over one million followers linkedin url url
handle handle handle please dont allowed hindu temple in dubai india & modi involved in terrorism against muslims
morons in media didnt get time num discuss namos speech. otherwise they wouldve started crying in angers seeing the response. hashtag
rt handle more ass burn for sonia gandhi ! modi mentions recent nagaland agreement ! hashtag
that epic pause which handle ji takes after some statements ! handle hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle u all r biased about modi
handle promises are meant to be not kept nothing new modi is doing new and moreover he is no pm he is more of foriegn affairs minister
rt handle all rws who r givin up on modi so early r no less than aaptards! mere numlakh kab milenge category wale morons
wait! its not indoa! its uae! temp more than num, and look at people! this man narendra modi theres something amazing about him!
pm modi visits num countries in num months.
modi should also tell. after i came the value of aed increased considerably and you are becoming more richer. hashtag
modi wishes people from kerala on occasion of keralas new year in hashtag.
rt handle pm modi uae and india send a strong message against terrorism with this joint statement hashtag
rt handle n the stupid old handle says pm modi dsnt speak, hes silent. tell the idiots when he does the world goes gaga. salut
thank you modiji for honouring us
there it is. the padosi mulk reference. url
rt handle handle ur sense of region and religion both r terribly twisted. modi visited num more muslim countries before this visit
arnab is praising modino endstonight any other opinion on modi does not matter now hashtag
rt handle the indian national anthem is sung as pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
rt handle in the total num lac villages num got in inc govt but now it is num left modi needs num yrs to complete it url
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra url sps
membership in the unsc for india is a big big step modi is pushing for url
cultural show at dubai cricket stadium ahead of narendra modis arrival hashtag hashtag hashtag url
handle handle this moti want publicity so anything for modi
hashtag total twts num, participants num, original twts num
if you hear lone voice chanting, modi jiiii after num minute into the speech, that none other than yours truly emoticon hashtag
see what the presence of modi does to people emoticon
numst time seeing namos craze in public reception seriously never expected this much following of political leader. first hand experience
uae watching narendra modi
modi modi chants all over hashtag
rt handle handle hashtag scamhit bjp sweeps madhya pradesh urban body polls url bjp secured numrtnum m
rt handle imf, world bank, moody ratings all describe india as the fastest growing economy narendra modi
now surya namaskar is played in marhaba
love you modi ji. proud of our pm url
modi uae has agreed to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india
foraign mushlim?handle modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb
handle yes the atmosphere is electric. people are sweating as if wet in rain. temp is num+ and highly humid. but namo namo everywhere.
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi url
pm modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential url
hashtag over num,num people await pm hashtag arrival at hashtag cricket stadium live url url
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it modi hashtag
hashtag dubai must have cheered this laudly ater long timesince temdulkar stormmodi modi
url rt timesnow pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at dubai cricket st url
hashtag what a rocking show of modi at dubai stadium
implement hashtag in urgent time frame num exservice chiefs to pm hashtag
why is modi talking about rahul gandhi?
handle handle handle handle handle handle why bjp protecting sonia rahul url
url hopefully the message gets delivered properly rtp
url url fake tricolour burj khalifa pictures go viral ahead of modis dubai visit
rt handle is lalit modi assisting sahara group? lalit modi to sell the groups hotels abroad. watch to know more url
rt handle incredible atmosphere. packed stadium. less than num hour to go before modi speech. beautiful indian culture on display
hashtag hashtag to address a num,num strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in num minutes.hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
after supporting the stalling in parliament, journos desperately egging exservicemen against namo! traitors in media
burnol price,manufacturers share prices rocket upmodi govt decided to give subsidy on burnolhashtag url
num,num indians give standing ovation to uae for temple land prime minister narendra modi today got a cheering url
earlier we heard slogans like want num n num in tht stadium,numday its hashtag chant,single hand bowling,battinghashtag marhabanamo hashtag
nobody can troll the scamgressis better than namo.
even arnab is forced to pinch a cock with his throat voiceless appreciation? path breaking lol url
rt handle dont be surprised at the timing of bangkok blast just before modi speech in uae world attention diverted.
pm modi takes veiled attack at pakistan over terrorism at dubai cricket stadium url
handle modi ji not stand up against curreption,not start up sarkar.
well done in uae namo. now is the time to yes one rank one pension for our servicemen. it should not be delayed any further without fail.
modi sir is keeping an eye on every corner of the india. learn congress frm thisthis might help u in next election somewhat. hashtag
since therere no toilets in india for hindu women, hashtag reminds to hashtag. hashtag
record number of people gather to see modi ji.
true. very high mortality of indian workers in gulf nations. handle pl raise the issue. url
pm modi says have to make india into an educated modern country hashtag
foundation i see before me a miniindia, says pm modi to indian diaspora in dubai url
handle handle only modi ji can pull this offsuch is the frenzy for him. superb
the crown prince receiving me at the airport with all five brothers is the greatest honour i have ever received pm hashtag
hh shk. mohammed al maktoum and narendra modi url
rt handle thats really a direct message from modi to pakistan and all those supporting terrorism,,,,congress and other sikulars not
how many messes? how many gyms? how many massage parlours? kuch nahin!num keeps going to the parliament other abroad! url
it was done back in numnot still credit goes to mr. modihashtag url
handle there is no dout about modis visit to mosque, he is a india origin who with a quality of sarva dharma sambhav
modi is our asset emoticon
rt handle online platform called maddad to connect indian diaspora around the world pm hashtag url url
in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror prime minister narendra modi didnt ment url
indian pm modi offers uae $numtn investment options url speaking at abu dhabis
ur good night colleague feels modi is hero n he is zero wat an acceptance by him rahul, n u sealed it wid dis tweet url
when petrol price was num per litre india, it was num$ per barrel in inte
i hear the modi govt is cracking down very hard on ngos and foreign funds.
modi is best pm of india
hashtag for prime minister for as long as he is in politics.
hashtag pm modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh url
six questions for narendra modi. does hashtag believe in hashtag despite hashtag opposing it url
rt handle brinda karat red flag is the real sevak of people.
rt handle modified crowd handle handle handle handle handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag h
rt handle in dubai, pm modi sends out strong message against terrorism url
handle lawmakers have to enact some sensible laws now can we request a overhauling of our constitution by sh modi?
etp cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill with gst, the trading community will als url
hahahahahahaha. most embarrassing moment of the tour. one embarrassing moment per tour is norm now. url
modi makes every expm highly dignified, intelligent, wise and mature.
has modi shifted gears from mitron to bhaiyyon aur behenon?
modi plans september trip to fit obamas schedule url via handle
indian pm handle historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which translates into welcome namo url
it was modi modi modi modi modi modi modi in dubai cricket stadium,pakistan and congress felt irked by this kind of support
eagrly waiting for the namo speech hashtag
modi copying twitter lines hashtag
modi should so totally do theatre. wasting his talent in politics man. world class drama at hashtag with hashtag.
clearly, hes one helluva guy. you need guts to do that hashtag hashtag handle url
modi speaks with his one foot in delhi and the other in the country where he is speaking.
pm modi condemns blast in bangkok, expressed condolences to the families of peoples who lost their lives.
modi if you have complaints against embassy, consulate, then you can use the madad helpline. handle
rt handle hashtag targeting previous hashtag on foreign soil hashtag url handle handle
namo just need guitar. hes already a rock star.
i believe swami vivekanands dream num make bharat vishwa guru will be fulfilled by namo definitely. handle handle handle
clearly, his a reaction to modi getting land for temple in abu dhabi url
no doubt that due to sri narendra modis govt. we are confident enough
rt handle dont see india as a market, its a power pm modi hashtag handle handle handle handle @
in modi, the bjp may not have given india another poet as a prime minister, but it has certainly given us a good url
did you see handle aunty, thousands of muslims cheering for namo
why opposition is targeting hashtag hashtag on right fact, asks vivek katju to handle in hashtag hashtag
handle handle modi is not batting for any party, modi is working for india and all indians,that is the difference handle
handle awesome wow modi ji
rt handle handle pm modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium
rt handle our very intelligent, intellectual, scholar, pms mind blowing speech url
rt handle modi visited numcountries in past nummths
handle i always told manmahon was better than namo but people used to laugh now its proven
live watch narendra modis speech in dubai url
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url
this is not did by modi power already uae donates temple at num . dont potrate fake news , stop url
hashtag handle namo takes a jibe at the pakistan sponsored terrorism and compared with intent of a true muslim.
its wonderful to watch indian tradition in uae! thank u modi and and indian in uae
mr modi getting so much attractions in dubai with some political spices. num plans in a week url
modi ji please view on my problem i am chandrasekhar prasad from gujarat i belong from poor family i select in ongc for the post
modis speech is turning out to be more popular than sachins innings in sharjah handle handle hashtag
we all with you modi ji
guru shishya ka sambandh atooth hai
aunty ! mr modi is rockstar from india and lives in heart of num cr indians hashtag handle url
leave treaties and mous asideif modi has not received sagarika ghoses & old monks praise them his uae tour is a failure
you were bitching when modi gave less than num bn$ to mongolia. now he brought num bn $ from ua
rt handle very interesting comments on terrorism and taliban by modi in uae. very interesting. you are with us or terrorism modi.
now he can do anything for his foregin tripshashtag hashtag url
great speech.days like these modi supporters feel elated to have faith in modi, that they didnt got duped by handle hashtag
handle hey he got num in india. thats majority yrs wishes aint going anywhere though
rt handle pm hashtag is not trying to isolate pak but if they dont cooperate its up to them sheel kant sharma, former diplomat
modi noes how to hit ppl where it hurts num enemies of country congress and pakistan taken to sixers, insulted and humiliated hashtag
hashtag pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan url
sources tell me that handle had gone to dubai to make +ve air about namos visit. hashtag hashtag
amazing response to modi ji in dubai. the people love him hashtag hashtag
i must say our pm inspires something extraordinary amongst the indian diaspora
rt handle cant any stupid words than this by a countrys pm url
rt handle its mini world now.several nonindians too can be seen.modi did not disappoint them. hashtag hashtag https
handle handle lolur comparing with manmohan with modi.
handle i have already commented on mr modis great oratorical skills; its a rarity today.
here one more modi hater and sonia gandhi groupie. url
what a historical speech by modi here in dubai
handle you should be ashamed of yourselves that this is still not been resolved! url
namo wishes all malayalis new year in broken malayalam,,and the crowd goes beserckare elections due in kerala? handle handle
handle goodness to me is freedom from made in china & make in india modi dreams fulfilled. hashtag hashtag.
read my tweet again url
in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror prime minister narendra modi didnt mention pakistan, but he di
rt handle great show by modi to win uae, at this moment when regime change is ha penning in middle east hashtag
who is he? marketeer? businessman? anti terrorism agent? humanities wellwisher?
this is the victory on hearts of world community url
is lalit modi helping sahara chief subrata roy get out of jail? url
handle handle the so called secular people are amazed by seeing the grand reception given by the royal family to modi ji
owasi brothers playing for india under modis captaincy rtd well played at kishan ganj rally. game on. hashtag hashtag
hashtag people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. url url
rt handle this is what modi ji did to pakistan,hashtag, hashtag & hashtag hashtag hashtag url
hi hashtag this man is so communal; he is praise num modi; in future u dont go to gulf hashtag hashtag url
.handle modi is acutely aware that every word he utters about religion in india or abroad will be dissected url
may be modi wanted gujarati thali.the host is happy,guest is happy but modi haters need something to chew & spit.
no one can deny modi followers or haters all have followed his every speech as pm, like no other leader in the country post independence
rt handle our neighbour afghanistan is passing through a tough time, and india is standing with it pm modi hashtag url
rt handle absolutely and sheikh modi too url
rt handle modi handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. hashtag
num) has modi government done enough num strengthen national security against terrorist attacks?
uae to invest num,num,num cr in india hashtag hashtag wowwwwwwwww
pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference in bhopal v k singh
india pm modi in dubai, boosting indiagulf special relationship. smart move,but still needs to rev up econ reforms.
waiting for num.num .pm modi magick dubai
pm modi is not listening to our soldiers. sign the petition and force him to act url
rt handle kejri & aaptards r mourning demise of hashtag!
modi haters being taken to tv sets to watch modis address at dubai hashtag hashtag url
modi gets num.num lakh crores investment promise from crown prince.lol handle that must be still less that looted amount. right? hashtag
one of the great speech dilevered by honble pm narendra modi from abu dhabi, dubai. feels proud to hv such pm to our country.
its time for modi haters to buy tonnes of burnol because modi will keep you burning lol
hashtag i am witnessing a mini india in dubai handle url
handle you start by accepting modi as your prophet and saviour
awesome modi sir hashtag
we are lucky and its a god gift to us that we have seen namo as our pm hashtag
handle plz start a campaign for modi dessert.
i hope modi ji brings my iphone this time
handle handle he will never be a proud hindustani, bt atleast u will get d right to qstn namo. btw is the skull cap mandatory?
handle handle did u not go to see modi emoticon
namo pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok the indian express the indian expressp url
india s modi visits uae to discuss security and economic ties via dailymotion url
pm modi says india & uae strongly denounce terrorism in all forms hashtag
num) economic development under modi lead nda government
rt handle pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium. track live updates here url
rt handle commit your crimes when modi is speaking, for even god is busy watching the live telecast ~ mathew hayden
they say modi is ignoring poor. poverty can b removed thru economic growth for tht foriegn invetsment is required. good job hashtag
url rt engineerbyheart then sachin sachin
dubai cricket stadium has hosted so far num odis & num modi. packed to listen handle handle hashtag handle handle
rt handle hashtag hope you got answer why namo went to uae handle
handle handle barkha seems to be liking anything modi does these days. after all ndtv license is at stake?
handle handle said modi has no influence outside gujrat. then is uae govt bribed or are they narcotised? url
handle modi visits a mosque. gets land for temple. all manmohan got were italian instructions.
my hearts full of joy handle ji
hashtag govt of india has launched an emigrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi
hashtag message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit url hashtag
modi is the best pm of india i fell proud on our pm
rt handle pm modi reaches masdar city the financial mecca of west asia.another step to boost economy of the region hashtag url
handle modi threatening pakistan from the grounds of uae. pakistani paying price of iran leaning policy, nawaz regime failure.
handle tha only pm in tha world who recives garnd welcom everwhere
marhaba namo forward together hashtag url
hashtag cong has to get paid people in trucks for raga rally dubai floods with indians for namo rally url
aman sinha talks pol crap on oropndtv. oozes of arrogance. problem being created where none exists.pm modi better b beware of his fin min.
hashtag congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url hashtag hashtag
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the url
no names, but hashtag dubai speech takes on hashtag
arabs love for modi. agreed to invest num.num lakh crores in india. url
foreign secretary s jaishankar on monday issued
modi has brought nris back to cricket stadiums.
narendra modi je pm aim is to bring world togather as friendly country to make world peacefull develope. happiness good life in the world
handle how junior official in ed decide there is no case when legal xprts like handle think otherwise url
[hindi update] pm modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh business standard url
with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list prime minister narendra modis linkedln url
erectile dysfunction for all so called seculars. url
handle haha so much in that article. but i must say, vast improvement from how modi uses his mother to gain sympathy.
modi must be wishing,libtard journos like you could come out of college committees, stop whining & do honest journalism for once handle
why so much dissatisfaction? their term is over, why so much noise. url
rt handle dear handle he wants your analysis of modis speech. hopefully you can doit if your butt is not painful url
modi didnt comment on pakistan. yet. hashtag
bad terrorists dawood , lakhvi
narendra modi message to investors india is a land of great opportunity
rt handle live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora gear up for modis speech url
indians were ashamed of being indians before modi became pm hashtag
rt handle handle handle handle modi blockbuster in uae has sicularists in shock and trauma diggy driven mad, needs a
rt handle seculars see who is chanting modi modi modi ?
namos courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position. a leader of the people for the people hashtag hashtag
sahara chief has asked lalit modi to sell his hotel & assets in london! wow! as per govt he is a fugitive & sahara chief is trusting him emoticon
handlehandle i asks to hounrable pm shri n.modi that will annoucement different schemes from red fort will be completed on time.
good taliban, bad taliban,good terror, bad terror this wont work. decision has to be taken are you with terrorism or with humanity pm modi
why the hell u put that videshi with our pm ? suckers handle pm modi, sonia gandhi condemn bangkok bomb blast url
rt handle here comes the heartthrob handle hashtag
hashtag critics u wont like it but just dont forget that finally we have a pm who knows how to earn respect. hashtag
after hosting num odis dubai cricket stadium hosts modi. hashtag
sickulars in india in need of burnol today listening to modis speech.
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi dubai tens of thousands of indian url hashtag hashtag
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, emigrate & madad portal for indian migrants url
hashtag has $num trillion hashtag
twitter num omg new pics of modi! must write a funny caption!
people dressed up in tricolour to cheer for modi url
modi government rocks url
handle youre equating modi to dictator mubarak for a clever headline reeks of desperation sad, v sad
rt handle modi visits various countries just to count the number of nris staying there.
hashtag pm modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium. follow live upda url
and thebiggest lie award of num goes to mr. modi. dr. m. singh visit gulf con. in num & num
never seen such an electrifying atmosphere.this is the unity of indians.sitting even abroad they love modi sir. hashtag
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
handle trust on each other is the most important thing in diplomatic relations narendra modi
hashtag now showing, marhaba namo in dubai. pm modis uae soft power push. extravaganza to pak in place.
for all bhai log out there hashtag url
everyone will have to decide whether they are with terrorism or against it pm narendra modi via handle
handle pls stop referring to mr modi as the rock star. hes our pm and our electorates have a lot of expectations from him.
and namo didnt even have to wear a skull cap for this
there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi
cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill url
rt handle num things hashtag should see in the hashtag before he leaves and why
rt handle modi makes whole stadium to give a stating ovation to the crown prince for giving land for the first ever temple in abudh
iam saying these words to my core of my heart
after nestle, ftil hires apco
leaders of uae were not angry with me. they showered me with love pm handle hashtag
rt handle today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nations tre
rt handle u keep on writing on paper that is not worth the page its printed rt handle oops i forgot,modi is going numb pm right
handlehandle sir millions of us feel you should now be co opted to take this great country to next levelmodi r u that dumb?
will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents cong to pm modi last month, there were num url
india feels proud for your work in uae and continue to support india for any adversity namo handle
pm modi to address num indians in dubai tonight num developments ndtv url
india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investments url
rt handle pm modi attacks previous
rt handle trolling terror hashtag right from their so called safe haven thats namo hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle modi belittles maabete ki sarkar and that sarkar is not india. our nation is above all this
hashtag modis opening remarks tell the audience the importance of their support to india, even as they earn their living here.
after speech modi says no words for orop. becomes secural.
a muslim mans love for modii hope all congressii are watching hashtag url
im prime minister of bangladesh not president
yeah of tether l they dont cooperate then we dont care url
handle uae has no importance on world stage politics .counties who have role denied india member ship already modi is diversion
what the monsoon session tells us about modi and indian politics url
handle your comments on modi speech today from dubai cricket ground would be appreciated. first time ever free round provided
rt handle handle check this , our chairman mr. mohan valrani is also present url
rt handle today in dubai i am seeing a miniindia pm modi url
rt handle so, swamy saw this coming. hmm url
rt handle if you dont have access to a tv set right now, watch pm modis dubai speech live here
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm modis address to indian diaspora in dubai hashtag url v
you like him or hate him, he sure captivates audiences everywhere across the globe
rt handle it shows, proves that hashtag has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage secular pol
shows trust on our jawans url
handle is taking credit for all foreign policy initiatives of modi. what a moron!
rt handle handle handle handle need to rt this grnum video of modi
indian prime minister narendra modi on a num day visit to the uae.
modi ji love your speech i m watching you u r ultimate proud to have u as our prime minister hashtag emoticon emoticon
stadium full crowds dancing to bollywood songslive from stadium
rt handle this guy is poison even in death url
rt handle congress hits out at hashtag modi for criticizing upa in uae url
i dont say modi is the best pm, but its the first time i know i am proud to be indian
after the great show by modi ji at dubai cricket stadium. pakistan team will be scared of playing cricket there.
rt handle update at numpm, almost half of the stadium reserved for general admission is already occupied. url httpemoticon
true that cant even remember any frankly hashtag url
let me clear i stand firm with narendra modis evry stand taken as prime minister of india. handle handle handle
pm modi peaceful dialogue is the only solution, even for the biggest of issues
nailed it hashtag hashtag url
rt handle and you call pm modi a gaddar shoo away morons! hes filled with ambitions and vision n the might to do everything po
handle dont really agree with it being an achievement. all the fdi hes won from the trip helps though. also modi promises a lot
pay obeisance to nehru who had vision to give india a strong science base despite l
amazing gesture by hashtag hashtag handle handle handle url
handle , thanks for supporting our cause, of orop. modi is not deliverying. now he has proude of pm. god bless u.
mra in dubai. before pm modis speech url
rt handle hashtag aaptards are getting rattled by modi jis visit to uae. reason? there source of funding is in jeopardy httpemoticon
handle did pm got fooled or did he try to fool india? uae temple land was already gifted num url
bohris are known to support narendra modi. bohris are the richest gujarati muslim clan in india. they own lots of businesses hashtag
its an another proof of modi wavehashtagmodi wave works everywhere dont forget he is
rt handle handle handle handle well congress will come out now and say modi exported num people for the event.
dear handle, educate them, how can you see them smiling on modis speech
handle lamo modi need to learn to act repesnting pm status & country while abroad visit nt party leader
handle wow are you narendra modis son?
rt handle uae getting ready to welcome modi ji num hashtag visit
handle in two days history made by modi temple in uea support against terrorism and support for un seat what more we want
rt firstpost pm modi addresses crowd at dubai cricket stadium. live url
rt handle namo slayed opposition again lage rhooo hashtag
num. dont clean up n look ugly n filthy url
modi is not on a real mission in dubai unless he climbs the burj khalifa building from the outside. hashtag hashtag
handle if they let go sonia & rahul, it will be a blunder committed by modi govt. they will bounce back
hashtag uae has supported indias demand for permanent membership in unsc. handle handle handle handle handle
rt handle hashtag takes a selfie at the sheikh zayed grand mosque in hashtag, uae.
rt handle hashtag, shortage of num hashtagpls call up num fast many hashtag are in coma after modi modi chant from mos
missing modi speech. in train on d way to shirdi.
today, tell me who is not influenced hashtag
the moment when modi was taking selfies with the royal family was pretty cool though hashtag hashtag
rt handle please show me one video proof of modi saying he will bring back black money in num days. just one video proof handle num
sabhi secular and prestitute ko pura stock samarpit.
pm modi wish all the keralites in dubai a happy new year
prime minister of india shri narendra modi visited the united arab emirates from num august num at the invi url
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi the enforcement directorate (ed) is of the v url
^~^ i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights
rt handle handle handle the only calculation thats gonna go wrong for mr. modi is that india isnt gujarat cant
modi magic sweeps dubaiwhat an atmosphere almost seems diwali and holi is celebrated with eid. vibrant, magnificent hashtag
rt handle hashtag wswtchig modi g spech dubaiaftr tat wtchd ndtv numnewchutiadebatig with dogravish takig nthig new in modi spch?pm visit t
modi says prev govts kept lot of good work for him to do. sonia & rahul confused whether it is appreciation or criticism? hashtag
handle handle we are blessed with him modi ji inite us
handle mam i am bhakt of rahul gandhi. but i dont know how this is happening i like every good thing of great modi.
pm handle to address marhaba namo event in hashtag shortly
this is a patternevery time modi addresses a nri audience, nri bashing starts.
num thousand people in stadium to listen to pm modi ji ! i m sure pappu cant arrange after paying hashtag url
rt handle ya ppl sweating like hell still spirits so high just for having glimpse of pm hashtag. hashtag url
handle great modi ji. hope this relationship between uae & india develops further, matures and blossoms to benefit both people
*burnol sale skyrockets*
superb speech, proud num be an indian watching narendra modi
modi now talks about schemes for poor.
some people had some problems okay fine, we will go on without you modi refers to pakistans objectns on connectivity projects in saarc
modi at icc headquarters.
its your standard. enjoy
watch the video why did pm modi feel ashamed in uae?
prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united arab emirates was received at hashtag
gud terror, bad terror this wont wrk.decision has to b takn r u wth terrorism or rtmodi
handle handle handle handle handle pm modi make our democraic country as cremation ground
pm modi indian community welfare fund started to help indians under duress
rt handle he is involved in sahara too. url
modi should take tution from ak url
its strange that we get to here modi modi from abhudhabhi mosque instead of alla hu akbar seculars must be disappointed by this! hashtag
a day in the life of namo.wake up,put on suitboot,address a rally,throw jumla,take a flight to a foreign land,again throw jumla hashtag
handle i see tweets & it seems hashtag is also hitting hard @ pakis hashtag
handle handle handle handle you r under estimating modi
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle daffer pl ask modi to give me num lacs only as loan i
new year ? i thought that was in april ! url
powerful speech listening to narendra modi
rt handle world love namo hashtag
handle i love modis speech unstopable
rt handle hashtag brings back the memories and the excitement we felt to hear namo in us url
from every country modi is getting investments. i wonder where they are investing. hashtag
host & hashtag alone made that
aaptards r unhappy coz they fear that if dawoods activities get somewhat restricted coz of evil modidoval,itll impact aaps funding
handle pure sixer hee marte hai love you sirjirespect as well url
i seec naidu supporters nd modi supporters of ap fighting all the time only can say right now naidu is only hope for ap nd modi for india
handle hollow argument , modi is pm not ed head
amazing scenes in dubai, num,num indians heading to the cricket stadium today and not a bat or ball in sight hashtag url
isbpl hashtag assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord gogoi has asked pm modi to clarify whet url
handle narendra modi has great vision but time will omly tell how much he can achieve.
handle blind goddesss this invstmt has been promised long back nd reiterated todayprblm is u never read wht happnd bnum modi in india
hashtag it is a transparent govt. url
hashtag good to see modiji in trademark modi kurta emoticonsans suit boot after longggg time
hashtag hashtag modi government talks big about girl empowerment but this is how it could shoulders and imporant instituteion
true handle some criminals tarring modi w fake newspages like in the pic see original at url url
.handle even in j&k grounded in inclusive sufi culture, the islamic state has begun to establish presence url
handle they start rejoicing even when soldiers die coz they get an opportunity to abuse modi. extremely sad scenario.
gone r d days when ppl say india always falters against pak in sharjah, modi proves them wrong today hashtag url
getting admired to modi ! handle hashtag
rt handle i hope handle takes part in this poll, which is more scientific than any research published in any newspaper. httpsemoticon
the real reason behind my happiness and proudness is modi is speaking in hindi! hashtag
thats how srk wins everytime rtp url
hashtag rtsonia w never nvr allow any bill to be passed in ls,rs. but modi is arrogant.he shld take congress along.and deliver.
rt handle those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today modi
pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok the indian express url hashtag
rt handle dear pm, pls let augnum remain the day of solemn celebrations of freedom. why make every national day an occasion to ce
high energy level at marhaba modi event in dubai.waiting for the pm to arrive
handle if namo can get some political mileage out of it he will else he too shall succumb !
i dont know about that but cong definitely loses its shit whenever it sees modi in foreign countries.
after showcasing so much boring classical performance these organizers will undo whatever modi has achieved in uae . hashtag
rt handle handle handle handle drswamy assures to have ram temple in ayodhya and pm namo in abudhabi! great combination o
pm handle ji one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin
loving the rock show modi performing impromptu as usual ! hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle blame modi not else. thats his fault if he trusts thugs handle handle handle handle
full speech pm modis address in dubai prime minister narendra modi who is in uae for a twoday visit, is interacting with the indi
terror, trade to top agenda during modis uae visit assam tribune url
when modi was talking about nepal, and the neighborly love, brought a tear in my eye. hashtag
sleeping like a baby already url
shri narendra modi will address indian diaspora in dubai. watch live at url hashtag url
pm handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi; starts his address
and it is a fact that no one in the past belittle
rt handle hashtag hashtag spls for hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag . handle handle url
hashtag is too small to absorb indian political clout & will loose its existance through east india company url
modi being engulfed by the cheer, modi.
rt handle there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi hashtag htt
were in all praise to mr modi
what people in uae are saying about hashtag visit ?url
rt handle hashtag modi arrives at the dubai international cricket stadium
modi was served gujarati food during uae visit. it seems middle east has taken make in india more seriously than we have. hashtag
rt handle narendra modi je pm aim is to bring world togather as friendly country to make world peacefull develope. happiness goo
rt handle aaptards are very sick person in this planet. requested to modi ji plz give num subsidy on burnol to all aaptards hashtag
they came num numn only our pm
hashtag hashtag hashtag shikhar dhawan
watching handle hashtag speech in hashtag live! what a leader and orator. great choice of points and punch delivery.
rt handle govts for num years have always focused only on agriculture, modi proposes a structural revolution to include farmers developm
disappointed that modis opening statement was not in malayalam. hashtag
rt handle heheheh handle this is like rofl url
more than num flights come to dubai every week. but it took an indian pm to come here after num years ~ pm modi at hashtag. hashtag
i can say proudly that when vajpayee ji called indians abroad for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the most pm modi hashtag
read many jokes on modi in the morning. after the release of dubai stadium pics, there is a dead silence on the timelines of those handles.
rt handle some one must ask the bjp cag vinod rai what he has to say about modi and his minions splurging money abroad and at ho
rt handle handle i can imagine handle hahaha rofl url
handle modi is lettng go in dubai since the nationalist spirit is kindled seeing the huge turnut hashtag .namo is true indian
i think pakis will try to replicate modi rally with imran khan or some one else. hashtag
rise in religious bigotry under hashtag comes with increasing threats to foreign hashtag in hashtag hashtag url
rt handle modi is only a leader from gujarat. url
rt handle hashtag namo is now addressing biharis from uae. handle uncle should register a complaint with election comm
rt handle lalit modi enjoys mandate to sell saharas hotels madison capital
rt handle high highness crown prince came to greet me at the airport with his brothers pm hashtag url
debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag pak obsesses, snipes at meet. modi pulls the rug from under pak?
*abuses modi &supports congress*
handle handle modi is biggest killer of indian muslimshe is your herodevil becomes herohahhahhaha
narendra modi talks of economic lethargy pti does a reuters editors note is pti reporting url hashtag hashtag
hashtag hashtag httpemoticon
handle handle hashtag how come handle not in dubai num cover modi guess he scared to get hashtag again emoticon handle
even these idiots, whose successive government undermined services, are showing concern for oropbesharam sale! url
excellent addressal by pm modifeeling proud as an indianjain hind hashtag
good relation between uae and india by respected pm modi ji
rt handle marhaba namo num,num indians expected at firstofits kind reception for pm modi hashtag url http
like any other event of modi one whole section of skull caps made to sit at one place. be subtle bro, why so obivious hashtag
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi url
modi kicks off uae visit with mosque tour in conciliatory gesture to muslims arab news url via handle
rt handle the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the num crore people of india pm modi in du
was a ultimate speech modi ji
rt handle dear handle handle handle did you hear how the crowd cheered when namo said it took num yrs for a pm to come here
rt handle modi has brought nris back to cricket stadiums.
handle handle modi you have brain homerage
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation hashtag url
rt handle today narendra modi in dubai the indians came there for himlooked pictures.
handle modi is not a deity of mine & rest of bhartiya. its his pov, u may agree or disagree with him. emoticon
handle handle handle modi having beef fry & kubbs from dubai. hashtag url
rt handle now thats statesmanship at its best. url
the dynamic thinker hashtag listening to narendra modi
crowd chanting modi modi modi. i guess num,num together.
rt handle handle narendra modi signs in visitors book at sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi, hashtag url
what are you suggesting? get into skywards program and become a frequent flyer? url
dubai stadium half packed hours before modis speech url
handle modi is man of match at dubai cricket stadium today after hitting a series of sixers.
handle handle handle handle paki pigs will make noise tomarrow as they got message from modi ab tum logo ki kehke lunga
rt handle amazed by the professionalism they have at this young age anju modi on ranveer singh, deepika and priyanka. httpemoticon
marhaba namo pm modi addresses indian expatriates in dubai modi, who is on a twoday visit to the united ara url
prime minister narendra modi has visited num countries url
hashtag this speech is dubai is hard hitting on the most troublesome neighbor in northwest. saan thekaane laavse modi
num of the example for people having doubts about modi visiting foreign countries url
would have watched modis speech lekin national herald case ne dil tod diya.
rt handle surprisingly all the hashtag critics seems to be in favor of the hashtag hashtag and hashtag all of sudden. waah hashtag ji
and they said modi is a regional leader url
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
ten former service chiefs have written to prime minister narendra modi on one rank one pension or orop.
dear nitish and lalu, the images of huge numbers of muslims at modis dubai rally will impact bihar hashtag
handle to brief up this speech, bole to, to summarize we can say modi ne pel diyaa rtd rtd hashtag
why i feel that its incorrect to perceive modis grand mosque as a conciliatory gesture url . handle
hashtag modi is worlds best pm. those who hate modi r enemy of india.indian pm in uae after num. see url
modi is an event manager hashtag hashtag
public money to bach jaata hai url
dear modi, please initiate talks to revive the good old sharjah cricket tournaments hashtag
congress is questioning hashtag that why he didnt visit hashtag earlier?
rt handle uae govt. allocating land to build a temple is nothing less than a history
handle dnt ask handle who know nothing abt modior rss ideology rss led bjp govt banned hashtag
another pic of empty stadium that indian media is saying is packed!
num.num lakh crore investment by uae in indiahashtag namo
rt handle did the nautanki in dubai. tomorrow hell land in delhi wa sulking face and become chupendra modi. then will talk to hims
ommmg. excited nakos training namo sa soccer yeaaaaa
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai hindustan times url
gujarat will be ruled by bjp for another num decades
vote on the poll modi ji dubai speech on url hashtag url via handle
rt url aalternator rt rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
live pm narendra modi arrives in dubai on the second leg of uae visit zee news url hashtag
handle marvellous speech by modi. find out some issues to discuss tomorrow.
rt handle handle handle yes;modi spoke on every issue;terrorism,unsc seat,naga accord,nepal,bangladesh,fdi&indias demogra
there was hashtag who used to address indians in english language nd then there is modi who speaks hindi abroad
handle handle handle greatest, proud on you modi sir
pm modi wishes kerala new year to kerala community in malayalam. theyre so impressed mirchi to congress. hashtag
this is not up . little india at dubai stands with namo . now what will the congress do ? hashtag hashtag url
dubai is now a miniworld, not only miniindia narendra modi
however serious a problem might be, the solution emerges only through dialogue. hashtag in uae
rt handle why is modi campaigning against the bjp? emoticon url
rt handle modi, modi chants welcome pm handle as he addresses the indian community hashtag
pm narendra modi to leave for delhi, shortly. hashtag url via aninews
rt handle skull cap obsessed secularspoliticians in india got the shock of their life for the treatment modi received in uae,it
rt handle modi governments natural choice for using force against military veterans. url
drinking game down your drink every time modi uses the rule of three.
rt handle its marhaba namo in hashtag
bad rttickets are sold out!
hashtag handle hashtag url
num. hashtag of hashtag and specially hashtag url
rop, & doing grt damage
rt handle here is another lie of modi sarkar exposed! url
rt handle hashtag just for modi haters chew on this while waiting for achhe din
pm modi greets people of kerala.
rt handle handle handle hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now, hd streaming] url
rt handle pm modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae.
money can help you hire a stadium. but money cant inject enthusiasm in audience. those who cant see this are blinded by hate for modi
the joint statement between our nations is extremely pleasing pm modi in dubai url url
whether you love him or hate him, you cant deny that his charisma works. world has a new leader to look up to. hashtag hashtag hashtag
no hrdfeeling. luvfrmindia
time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi. hashtag
handle this is modi magic.
off course you may have selective memory loss even the pms name but dont mix with pappu hashtag url
handle what modi cant have in kerala, he is enjoying in uae
handle middle class or lower middle class prefers people like indira , bala saheb or modi . being democratic here means your weak.
had a wonderful meeting with handle. we talked about several issues & agreed on need of stronger indiauae ties, tweets pm modi.
i liked a handle video url gta v funny moments aka funny suchar milosztor namo vini
handle handle handle handle handle now world will realise why india believes in namo.jhanda gaad diya uae mein
modi ji u r great url
im a modi critic but not a blind hater. would love to welcome handle in saudi arabia. hashtag hashtag
rt indianum pm addressing the gathering at the indian community reception, in dubai cricket stadium url
more then num,num hashtag indian welcome mr modi here mine dubai.
rt handle im sure those mocking modi eating gujarati food eat snakes and lizards when they visit china
anybody needing ideas this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojna.contact mr modi url
hashtag sanjeev kapoors vegetarian spread for pm modi in uae star chef sanjeev kapoor, who was flown here specially by hosts uae, prep
handle contribution of modi here is zero big zero
india proud of expatriates, says modi url url url
rt handle in his campaign, hed accused upa of mar jawan, mar kisan url so naturally he does it. url
dont worry modi ur name should be written in indian history as hashtag with hashtag !
crowd at dubai cricket stadium ahead of grand reception chanting modi with tricolor flags. emoticon hashtag url
handle handle this agressive, no holds barred agitation asking for unsustainable funds in pension is not done
courtesy pmo india via youtube url
handle handle handle hashtag pm modi live at dubai cricket stadium watch here> url
a win for religion to soothe the screaming dying masses of workers that modi really doesnt give a shit about. url
tomorrow morons like anand sharma and other congis trolls will try to belittle modi and tv channels will come drooling for bytes
rt handle modi working fr num num fr betterment of indian people .he sacrifice his personal life fr nation .u are true son of bharat mata
feeling proud of modi & also about the fact that the sultan was gracious enough to acknowledge.tells lot abt sultan. url
handle my leader.my rock star.my icon. my role model.
rt firstpost you are the people who work hard but also never stayed behind in taking indias glory forward modi url
return gift indian community get temple land in hashtag
it is no small shame that no indian pm before hashtag had the time to visit its countrymen toiling away in the deserts url
rt handle people who didnt clapped for modi speech in dubai stadium, those who are like me who dont understand basic hindi
this chap genuinely thinks modi hired people to clap and cheer at the right time in dubai. what a genius. url
handle handle handle handle hold on modi ji xtra emotion coz baba num sing dat song
rt handle modi gave nri hindus the chance to beat rajdeep but no such chance to muslims. clearly modi is antiminorities hashtag
punch dialogue only! url
rt handle .handle congress decadeslong tokenism towards muslims has kept them in socioeconomic ghettos url
pm modi make india proud around the worldi feel proud that i am from india
massive crowd in stadium
rt handle modis speech tonight is really good. nri crowds impressed, that is what matters. waiting to see what faults msm find
rt handle rt asachnum modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not pakistan.
pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates. url hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle like here i asked what modi slyed to pak. dig words like sly, pak. pick up the most irrelevant tweet. ok? ab bolo jai shree ram.
rt handle pm modi in uae india & uae agree to establish infra investment fund of $num bn
hashtag india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modinahyan talks, uae to back indias unsc bid august num, num at numrtnumam
y modi doing election campgain in uae election s in bihar right hashtag
rt handle the only takeaway from modis independence day speech hes living in a gilded cage url url
this place can be your next discounted holiday destination. mention that you are from the modi land. emoticon url
rt handle babur constructed mosque in india.
pm modi urges uae to invest inindia url
rt handle marhaba modi. lion will roar in few hours from now.
rt handle handle handle u r so funny lol.
rt handle we get it handle, your narcissism helps you deal with your modiphobia hashtag
num things modi should see before leaving the uae smart cities modi launched his smart cities initiative in june, url
handle handle handle handle lo kar lo baathar sal isse bade scams humne kiye num yrs url
listening to handle live at dubai cricket stadium. modimodi
num) do you think modi is giving more importance to religious issues rather than indias development?
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights ndtv ndtvi am witnessing a miniindia here, s hashtag
handle handle handle handle if you say india is not growing under pm modi,then you are blind,get eye treatment quickly
akbar saheb, artist has created a series of num portraits of pm reflecting on his achievements
rt handle pm modi attacks previous governments in uae, congress hits back url hashtag url
u can either b wth humanity or terrorism
pm modi uses dubai speech to send out strong message against terrorism.
rt handle for num years,no pm thought abnum visiting country that is home num more than num million indians.modi did & they called its for
mr narendra modi is real son of indai. i see your uae visiting officialese picture god save you
handle handle handle anti modi & loyalty to aap is her only mantra does she need to b taken seriously ever?
without having balls to name pakistan? wow! hashtag url
modi is a twitter troll at heart. trolling congleft liberal at any given opportunity hashtag
shame on you handle. url
dawood ibrahim, barkha ji and sardesai family would be some of the saddest people tonight listening to the modi, modi chants in dubai
rt handle land for the temple was already alloted in num. modi claim is to fool his own bhakt. taking credit is in hashtag dna url
hashtag pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin url hashtag hashtag
pm modi in uae india, uae announce strategic partnership in the energy sector hashtag
tomorrows headlines namo delivers rousing speech in hindi to thousands of nonplussed malayalis in dubai
modi, if not anything, is changing how indians are treated globally. honestly, i feel proud when a modi hater calls me a bhakt! hashtag
what a huge crowd in dubaind slogan of modi modihashtag
his highness hashtag in dubai! (num.num trillion $ deal fixed) watching narendra modi live in springfield, va, url
wherever hashtag visit he asks for investment but why investors of our own country dose not invest in our country.
modi has political acumen,he defeated d biggest mafia& became pm.yet he remained a mere mortal.
rt handle for info of handle numst step taken within num days sit headed by former sc judge url url
handle who gives a fuck what a nump hashtag handle says. she writes about modi ji to progress herself. who cares abt bitch
handle handle but someone from handle said that no one knows modi out of gujarat
seats behind modi are totally empty its fail programtweet like hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle admk women wing burns effigy of hashtag leader evks elangovan condemning his derrogative comment on hashtaghashtag meeti
our respected p m mr. modi please take hard step against cross border terrorisim from pak
rt handle even if you are a modi fan, youd agree that the best crowdpuller in uae has been handle!
watch it nowa must watch for every patriot, hashtag hashtag har har hashtag ghar ghar hashtag
handle a ba in english hiding under his bed after a rousing modi speech
hashtag renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, are majority of indians forgotten patriotism? is is most humiliating to bharat mata!
such morons will end up their whole life chasing modi
handle handle modi is a terrorist and a criminal according to google
science is life, pm modi digitally writes in visitors book at masdar city
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in emirates num url hashtag
rt handle i think building a temple in abu dabhi is big step by narendra modi for creating new job opportunities & trade relations with
first video of todays event hashtag hashtag url
this joker modi is a national shame. such a self obsessed lunatic. emoticon
rt handle yes, nris should get out of their ghetto mentality and integrate with the mainstream of their adopted nations. url
debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. paks sphere of influence punctured.
handle handle poor people dont they know that back home modi has no time for the ex soldiers of the country. shame on modi bjp
the huge crowd that gathered to listen modi ji in dubai showed the popularity of pm. slap on the face of those leaders who gather paid crowd
handle handle dubai will be declared numth state of india after modiji speech thats why we are following namo only
rt handle indian muslims will not be harassed tortured in india on constructing repairing masjids, after modi ji return! htt
value of rupee against dollar crossed modis age!
spotted a fan in namo t shirt handle url
more than num,num nonresident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium url url
there is a certain mann ki baat of the nation and a whole different view on it of mr. modi hashtag
handle handle wot say congress? r these not muslims who r with modi good governance yahi hota hai url
pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights url hashtag url
hashtag congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas hashtag
in parallel universe hashtag and hashtag is day dreaming to replace modi as pm of india. rofl
are the two even comparable? hashtag hashtag url
modi assures to open more schools in dubai. hashtag
watching handle handle uae speech to the masses. simply love his oratory skills.
rt handle handle and few min back handle was trolling modi grilling handle why is modi silent on pakistan. here you get
prime minister modi calls for uae to become indias top ally in trade, counterterrorism. url url
hashtag after modi speech
hahaha it seems modiji took standup india too seriously. hashtag
modi in dubai num quotes from pms speech url prime minister narendra modi is addressing a indian diaspora at the crick
can handle talk like modi?
yeah just look at me, i came to national mainstream so much that i became pm! url
rt handle un hasnt been able to define terrorism properly till now pm hashtag url url
hashtag pm narendra modi to leave for delhi, shortly. hashtag url
terrorism has no definition and seems to have no limitations narendra modi
rt handle power of team india under the leadership of pm namo url
mt hashtag hs no clue wat indias issues are or how fix them manoj joshi url url
hashtag doesnt know how to run the goi
hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime m url
hashtag pm modi condemns bangkok blast read more url
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas
we should have more ties with arab world. there is nothing great about pm modis visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque asadowaisi
rt handle while standing on muslim dominated country only hashtag has gutts to talk abt terrorism & taliban. hashtag
live blog pm modi to address indian diaspora in uae shortly url indian expatriate community is the largest ethnic com
times now has been bought by namo. hashtag
rt handle handle please ask them your queries url
modi is the most charismatic leader i have ever seenotherwise in recent past years indian leaders had lost their hold on global affair
friendscousins all over the globe reiterate he is over qualified to be an indian prime minister. url
pm modi people working in the gulf helped india when sanctions were imposed on country
handle i lived in their midst for yrs.i can sniff a hashtag hashtag frm miles away )theyve the vilest abuse num modi handle
handle wins the heart of millions in india and modi winning the soul in dubai handle hashtag hashtag
hashtag proud to see num,num people in one stadium to listen hashtag hashtag
microblogger, putting smiles on more than num,num followers through my blogs.
the dark knight enters hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
rt handle let modi and his supporters revel in these moments of glory come num no one will remember these madison square
namo gets num indians to cheer for crown prince. crown prince be like
hashtag recalls his time of chai selling hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple handle url
the day he will wish that he will make it happen, hate mongers like u will keep crying hashtag hashtag url
accordingly to his work
rt handle pm modi the way the world looks at india has changed today
and the funny thing is weve never had a pm so dissociated from his party as hashtag or a leader that strong.
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai hindustan times url hashtag hashtag
today, tell me who is not influenced by hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm praised the efforts of hardworking indians, who have migrated to the uae for work url url
rt trilokhnath url path of terror will never benefit anyone modi url url
upas regime scams of thousands of crore was common
we are ashamed that our hashtag has no other job but to do hashtag.
science is life. pmoi sri narendra modi ji digitally signs this message in visitors book at masdar city url
proud moment for indian. we are proud of you mr. modi. hashtag
ndtv pm modi to address a num,num strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in num minutes. li url url
not yet. vote on the poll narendra modi? on url hashtag itim.esfynumd via handle
how do they always get a large group of bohri muslims to sit together at these overseas modi events?
hashtag realised that hashtag was getting an upper hand , so he has used hashtag tour successfully to give a political speech. hashtag
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai prime minister narendra modi took to stage at the url
why foreign trip by mr. modi in mid of protests by ex military servicemen? is foreign trip more sensitive & important than orop demand?
modi visit is very good business but i wish his speeches werent so sarcastic hashtag
rt handle people from all over the world have come here to settle in dubai pm hashtag
one more handwriting. url
rt handle handle log ground me bhi baithte the chair laga ke & spectator seat me bhi baithte the
pm narendra modi to leave for delhi, shortly. hashtag
rt handle read, modi trip will only be complete when he drive car with a lion as copassenger. idiots there cant be two lions in a ca
at jantarmantar handle shall with soldiers do selfimmolation if hashtag doesnt grant hashtag in next num days! url
rt ficciindia rt bhairavijani ficciindia absolutely. its very encouraging for hashtag from all across url
modi s can only have his mouth watering seeing this blood, not his eyes. url
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment
why not when foreigners can? url
hashtag hashtag hashtag hai na
rt handle now we know y modi doesnt like parl, but love stages to speak. bcz none will question his lies in public speeches
rt handle pm modis reaction after he found hashtag missing at independence day parade
rt handle strange but true modi who presided over the gujarat genocide talks of dangers of terrorism in india at dubai hashtag
see the genuine delight & respect for india in the language of this guy. incredible. awesome. thank you. url
hashtag hashtag sir, if you are a true hindu youll build a school, a college, a hospital on the land allotted for a temple in the uae.
rt handle theres a live presser of modi and the uae rep but handle handle handle doing their own silly commentary
it will not work this time. only media channels are clapping here. the man on the street here is much wiser now. url
live watch pm modi in uae asking world to come and make in india pm modi url via handle handle
rt handle hashtag bhakts are so delighted modi has gone to uae. surely they will be overjoyed when he goes to saudi arabia for haj
what a speech. take a bow sir
rt handle this independence day feel proud for being a startup in our nation hashtag hashtag hashtag url
hashtag has already started complaining. url
madison moment in dubaipm modi at his best! hashtag hashtag hashtag
going live on handle in a whilecome lets chat over dawood, dubai n pm modis visit. handle url
pm modi targets previous governments from uae;congress calls it national insult. hashtag url
handle handle handle modijis grand successful saudi arabias tour url
rt handle yes! abu dhabi knew about modi jis visit num years ago only lol
rt handle hashtag they are excited and waiting for handle . i can here the cheer modi, modi modi url
no names, but pm modis dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didnt url
rt handle labourers and contract workers constitute num of indian expats in uae. great gesture of pm modi to meet them url
handle modis speech is over. now, please concentrate on bhabho
modi screamed, yeah screamed bharat mata ki jai on foreign land. muslim dominated uae type foreign land! pms achievement as per media.
rt handle handle handle handle handle modi didnt want to use them as vote bank like u. ganga gaye gangaram o
awesome speech by our pm modi ji in dubai .
hashtag congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments the congress party on monday criticised prime minister narendra
rt handle list of num countries which pm modi visited in num months url url
rt handle watched a documentary on n. korea!
not an appropriate moment but handle options restaurant at wtc should be avoided url
handle wach out for the leftist to attribute this to everything but modi sarkar effort to bring black money! handle handle
next olympics or any big event abroad they should call modi for opening ceremony just to draw crowd. hashtag
rt handle the largest (nonsport related?) gathering in the uae ever by pm modi
totally amazing hashtag url
hashtag telecast marhaba namo forward together hashtag
rt handle modi ji, are you serious? hashtag url
handle handle he accepted it with humility. but when modi ji gave a press advt to take credit for the help, he returned.
handle y were these orop guys asleep during cong regime. just becausepm modi promised something, hes being penalized. bad behavior guys
mr modi, is a few inches of land for temple is more important than democratic values hashtag hashtag
painting; modi ji rly station url
handle lathicharged used by brit raj on peaceful protestors. modi govt uses police brutality to abuse indians too.
handle yes are u hard worker pm modi sir
modi show in dubai is going to be one of the biggest in the history long live narendra modi
can never forget the love and welcome that i got from crown prince. the love is not directed to a person but to the num cr indians pm modi
pm modi now talks about nepal quake. handle
people from all over the world have come to dubai. imagine the strength shown, the magnetic power that has drawn the world here pm modi
rt handle padho yaar. koi toh padho. im wasting my wise cracks about mallus in dubai here. url
huge crowd of num,num+inside the stadium
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modis speech prime minister narendra modi today addre url
modi in uae loving the updates.
hashtag pm narendra modi on indiauae joint statement denouncing statesponsored terrorism url
pm hashtag offers $num trillion investment opportunity to hashtag; abu dhabi gives land for temple
happy indians hashtag url
rt handle pm narendra modi is in mosque in abu dhabi , people are shouting modi modi modi.
rt handle modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in num years. can congress deny the fact? why congress was sleeping ?
the song and dance by the pardesis each time modi visits pardes has lost its steam y.a.w.n. hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle handle handle thanks to namo,we were spared of nonsense preached by your news channels today
num years ago, sachin tendulkar alone ruled sharjah cricket stadium! today narendra modi did the same! hashtag
because you can expect this from modi, not from kejri emoticon url
cool! spotted another hashtag fan hashtag hashtag url
its equally disturbing to note that prof sen did nothing innumyrs except drawing salary & roaming around the world. url
rt handle modi! modi! euphoric crowd is calling its leader in unison. hashtag
last time i heard a chant like modi modi was when i heard in the movie bahubali, bahubali hashtag
pm modi visit masdar planned city says science of life url via handle
modi modiwhich pm commands this kind of euphoria in a foreign country. the peoples pm hashtag handle
hashtag debating tonight on thenewshour prime minister modis num year reminder. why is congress angry? hashtag
handle handle pm is warmly welcomed by the indian nationals in uae. heres a beautiful poem url
handle handle world saw live telecast of packed stadium,no doubt hashtag has given indians hope,haters can keep hating
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime minister narendra url
rt handle num years ago leaders did not understand what terror was narendra modi
for all hashtag hashtag n modi haters hashtag url
handle handle because your tweeting some good about modi,which she cant digest.so no option left but to block you
handle so many muslims attended the event hence modi is secular handle
after modi speech gets over,media will start taking his speech feed back from congress,jdu and rjd leaders like this! url
modi holds talks with dubai ruler url url
and h speaks in malayalam wishing everyone happy new year! modi modi chants grow louder! hashtag
modi to soon address the indian community at dubai cricket stadium.
crazy crowd and it is hours before modi has to arrive hashtag url
feeling proudmust watch url
numrtprime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok url prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the
handle and no chinese leader has ever gathered their folks in unison likethis.indians are proud of namo.wonder if its true abt chinese
modi sarkar legalizes child labour from num. big difference. url
a grand salute to mr. modi
hashtag meets hashtag pm; discusses trade, investment url
people in india do get hurt! url
handle handle as per hashtag & saffron history , hashtag is the numst bhagwa pm to vist handle period. handle handle handle handle
rt handle modi there are num flights flying between india and uae a week. it took num years for a pm to take one! hashtag
see modi also has papers with speech notes. nothing wrong with it. rahul can carry it, modi can carry itanyone can
ignorant prople have never seen a time machine before. blame modi for everything. url
this is a new india & we are ready to take on our enemies
media of uae says a super hero url
num years ago sachin tendulkar single handedly took over sharjah cricket stadium! today narendra modi! hashtag
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin
rt handle a visual treat of indian heritage can be seen in dubai cricket stadium just before hashtags speech hashtag
feel hashtag jis hashtag or event guys need software url year & more,repetitive events,change venue and same speeches.
the stadium which doesnt
checked with steven pinker.he says everything about aaptards is unrealistic. e.g. expectation from someone they hate url
will solve all the issues of nris in uae building a temple
guess who was athashtag pm modi,now athashtag.capping daevekas bday with speech,room servicehandle url
ye modi har desh me drama karvata hai. modi modi shouts are typically orchestrated by his pr team everyone knows. url
pm modi makes a jibe at pakistan indirectly invoking terrorism issue. uae has joined hands with india against pak. hashtag
rt handle maam handle u wished there ws no modi, then u wishd there wer no bhakts, nw u must b wishing there r no nris h
rt handle rt offstumped dubai modified and electrified url url hashtag
this is not modi. but u r a chef.
indias modi visits uae labor camp, underscores concern over worker welfare url url
handle u really have no idea how much muslims hate modi.
handle handle handle handle so many muslims chearing modi modi if u need burnol lets know. handle handle
handle kahne kaa matlab ye ki modi ji is expert in announcements only but nothing is happening in reality so for how long he will be
hashtag lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals controversial businessman lalit modi, whose url hashtag hashtag
handle sir with due respect, my pm is modi and not mudi
& lutyens liberals all thru wishing poor remain poor that elections be won on freebies & seculars can loot handle url
if media changes angle of viewing the intention of modi ji, progress can go faster with immediate effect . no doubt.
handle yes! end terrorism says modi
handle amazing speech modi ji really heart touching to all community of indian and uae citizen
good to see pm modi in a mosque.so no politics please.we are secular.
rt handle indians in uae were looked upon in suspicion thanks to dawood. modi brought them respectability .
narendra modi thanks his predecessors for giving him this visit
rt handle was waiting for this eagerly thanks handle
hashtag modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment prime minister narendra m url hashtag
rt handle best thing of every modi speech is that tatte pakad ke masal doonga part. url
how government scored in num key areas pm modis one year report card how government scored in num key areas th url
its high time we must name hashtag as hashtag. hashtag hashtag hashtag
solid punches. key points. potshot at pakistan.inevitable chaiwala gag. hard to top madison magic. long live hashtag. hashtag hashtag
an anonymous modi supporter writes a powerful letter to him to end the hashtag url
handle near future people of india, stand up against modi and start up against modi ji
modi mentioned kabuliwala, bengalis suddenly changed rating for speech from num star to num star.
rt handle omfg in presence of the prince, they are chanting modis name hashtag
handle good taliban, bad taliban this wont work.decide are you with terrorism or with humanity?, says pm modi in dubai
now i know why modi didnt mention his foreign policy on numth august. this speech was reserve for uae. simply brilliant.
handle handle hashtag the sharp condemnation of comunalism and terrorism. seems that modi had really no hand in num riots.
rt handle pm narendra modi on indiauae joint statement denouncing statesponsored terrorism url
only half packedmeans no modi wave url
now their prince personally receive him at the airport
and modiji successfully uses this hate by labelling minorities as terrorists. url
hashtag nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai url hashtag hashtag
watching mr. modis speech & comparing it with manmohans is like watching sachin bat after nayan mongia hashtag hashtag
modi, kabuli wala reminds us of friendships with afg since our childhood.
handle handle proves modis hypocrisy. remains tuned to foreign disasters, to gain publicityhandlehandleszamahandle
guys kinsay interested mag color fun run this coming num.num.num unsa pay gi hulatan, join namo! url
modi visits num countries in num months url
handle .is emirates so cash starved that modi has become a celebrity for it?
whether you are with rss or against it. url
hahaha kindly recall that modi actually won ls num with indian mp s. hasnt sunk in yet, yeah? url
handle handle its juz amazing. i dont hv words to express how i am feeling. jai hind jai bharat. namo namo
endless sea of humanity at namos stadium show in uae. huge heartburn for handle hashtag hashtag
if theres an indian anywhere in the world, we dont look at the passport colour, colour of blood is enough narendra modi
modi has mps. he is hoping that nris impart some love for india to haters in media. url
rt handle .also modi seems to hv no interest in visiting the islamic caliphate handle ! hashtag hashtag btw why no diwali celeb
rt handle why does modi ji suffer from mutism at home and verbal diarrhoea abroad?
rt handle this mosque is abu dhabis biggest tourist attraction, this is the pms terracotta army moment no more, no less. htt
seriously hashtag hashtag
the goodwill modi commands is there for all to see. it would be a pity to waste this opportunity for a better india
give a standing ovation to the crown prince of uae pm modi tells people at dubai cricket stadium url
rt handle bjp won num in municipal polls in mp
disrupting of monsoon session
if are listening to modi live! you belong to era of best leader india will ever see!
hashtag two sectors boom in modi raj beef export industry and international travel operators.
i can see people are trying to trend a certain anti modi hashtag with same rhetorical tweets.
url govt failed for women safety
narendra modi hitting back num back all boundaries
num minute carpet bombing on cheaters & life time memorials for fans from namo \ \ jai hind ! !
rt handle pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai (photo courtesy ani) url
modi is troubling aap govt shamelessly in delhi, aap must retaliate in every possible democratic manner handle
hashtag congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime minister nar url
handle connectivity plays a huge role in development, europe is a fine example narendra modi
handle india is getting rinum place in the world. happy for that.
uae invites modi and sanctions land for temple.
feeling proud num hv a pm like him
bt in home pakistan continue to violate ceasefire for numth day in a row
modis public speaking in dubai is a massive show of indias soft power in entire middle east. uae is a model country for entire arabs
handle modi ji visited masjid in uae in view of crucial bihar elections! who will be benefited if your party contests bihar elections?
in a short while from now hashtag modi to address indian diaspora at the dubai cricket stadium
num,num people are going to a cricket stadium not for an ipl cricket match
rt handle his humility shines through hashtag url
rt handle like it or not, he is a crowd puller. hashtag url
rt handle its difficult to avoid the impression that modi government has lost its mojo manoj joshi url url
handle r u gonna watch modi speech today?
handle handle the demands will continue tull url
handle hehethis proves modi jis words have hit at right places. hashtag
rt handle it means hashtag is not peaceful according to handle
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag rocks in dubai url
media and critics of aap, plz note. this is difference between aap govt and bjp govt! url
rt handle what is the reaction from india against hashtag? hashtag? where are the people? hashtag? are galat ko url
ever since narendra modi, url
rt handle sorry i am not coming. url
pm modi to address num indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united arab em url
handle handle indeed! never before has a pm instilled the indian pride in every indian as much as modi. none!
why? visiting mosque would have helped in the increased the standard of education clerics give to their shagirds? url
handle i appreciate the way our beloved and respected pmo india handle sir is doing for our countrys progresshashtag developed india
after pm modis speech, google reports unprecedented search requests for kuchh log
rt handle handle handle modi s politics is based on criminality,he flourishes on blood of weak;everything stronger is go
rt handle modi makes whole stadium to gove a stating ovation to the crown prince for giving land for the first ever temple in abudh
rt handle namo in dubai,
many indian batsmen have played on thedubai cricket stadium pitch, but none asspectacularly as narendra modi ! hashtag hashtag
handle good modi ji you are proving that modi means man of developing india
watch marhaba namo forward together hashtag on youtube url
hashtag is the ruler democratically elected isnt modi representing the biggest democracy in the world
we have defined the border with bangladesh for the first time since independence pm modi url url
rt handle thats exactly what we do! url
for that there are enough kejris,lalus,mulayams and pappus are there url
modi ji learned trolling from twitter.
rt handle num crore indians not a market, but a source of power excellent message by modi.
modis biggest achievement is clearly the foreign relations.hashtag hashtag
narendra modi addresses crowd at dubai stadium hashtag stay tunes handle
for this moment, i am ready to cast my vote for another num times to modi ji. hashtag
more the crowd more is the energy in the speech of pm modi
handle coz there was no hope and namo gave them hope
rt handle science is life says pm modi. right.
finally your eyes have opened. num voters did not fall for modis hashtag url
not a fan of modi but i really like his trolling skills.
rt handle here is my interview with handle. url
congress needs to stop being critical about everything modi says and does. no tolerance for such criticism for stating the facts. hashtag
watched the lecture of narendra modi at dubai in television.
modi weaves his magic in dubai this time. hashtag
crowd goes into a frenzy hashtag
modi ji is makin evry indian proud.
rt handle congress what did modi bring from his foreign tours?
when it comes to statesmanship, politicians from oxford and harvard are kids in front of modi. hashtag
deal with it! hashtag
namo to babysit as well now.
rt handle handle congrats to true warrior of maa bharti num getting numk patriots in your endeavor
modis speech tonight is really good. nri crowds impressed, that is what matters. waiting to see what faults msm finds. hashtag
hashtag modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law board url
this is the website url modi ji was talking about n its not working till date coz of mishandling of foreign ministry.
handle true handle breaking modi wins kerala assembly. hashtag
rt handle arab already donated land for temple in num rtp handle hashtag hashtag hashtag url
handle after clean india, digital india, skill india,pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion url
handle namo strikes again.
he knows that his votebank is a hashtag away. hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people the url
cricket team has num players num attract public but now heres only single player modi in cricket stadium hashtag handle
rt handle dubai cricket stadium roars with modimodi vande matram as pm handle ji arrives for address hashtag
rt handle congress, aaptard and adarsh liberals after modis speech. hashtag url
modi is a good toker his very wall know how speak good lines
if the world loves our pm,
wow, look at all of you with all your totally original and ohsofunny captions to modisheikh hug picture.
rt handle every week over num flights come to dubai from india narendra modi
rt handle hashtag is like modi in hashtag and hashtag . one shot, two bullets!
fdi flow has gone up by num per cent in last num months pm modi handle
modi ji, live on india news great speech
hashtag rt jayanthjacob this is what pm modi wrote at the mosque s vistors book url
handle handle modi s politics is based on criminality,he flourishes on blood of weak;everything stronger is god,hindu mythology
handle namo please we want to see you. rural of india. please we would like to know your bheema plans. not dubai people.
master player emoticon
make a decision are you with terrorism or with humanity? modi asks the hard questions hashtag
handle dude get a life! neither u nor sonia or pappu can achieve what namo has
dubai stadium set for pm modis madison square moment what has dubai stadium got to do with madison sq? just somehow bjp wants usa tied in
modi ji shows his support for gay rights in abu dhabinext destination would be nagpur rtp url
maam handle u wished there ws no modi, then u wishd there wer no bhakts, nw u must b wishing there r no nris url
rt handle always thought that indian citizens voted in the num election. apparently they were all nris url
people who are losing the places will always be busy in finding the faults of bjp modi ji keep on finding and let us know how pure you r
rt handle we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives hashtag
hashtag num ppl in hashtag wanted num hear global leader hashtag handle c pics url
rt handle handle handle acute shortage of burnol in india url
handle india never had had such a prime minister as narendra modi ji. brilliant.
govt failed for women safety
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ji
hahahahahahah this is awesome rtd url
but it took num years for pm to visit this nation(uae)
handle modi moving india num yrs backwards bhakts say pm introduce apprenticeship its dead num yrs ago url
handle mam with all respect i want to say it seems you are becoming a psycho. how long you will hold grudge against modi for his win
rt handle had little hope that hashtag might improve a bit but with his hashtag and nonsense in dubai the die is cast he wont imp
some mad talking he is event manager
hashtag islam muslims hashtag bjp rss modi vhp http
rt handle indias modi visits united arab emirates dw news news >> url hashtag hashtag hashtag url
there is no match for modi jee on ,television.
handle but we will anyway know that pakistan has comehashtag url
rt handle hashtag twitter reacts to prime minister narendra modis speech url
if it rains in india, indians in uae hold up their umbrellas. if there is any problem in india, you cannot sleep well, says pm modi
uae has committed rs.num.num lakh crores investment in india.this is the charm of modi ji. congress, on the other hand, ruined monsoon session.
rt handle handle the land alloted for mandir in abu dhabi is given way back in num when upa govt was in power modi taking
centre piece of namo s manifesto numxnum powerhe proudly mentions it as no doubt it will be done with handle ji leading. hashtag
feku key ache din aaa gaye mitro but wht abt farmers & citizens of india mr.modi? handlehandlehandle url
mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, uturns and flipflops, including on hashtag is talking about indecisiveness. hashtag
heartwarming to see such a huge crowd! nationalism is sadly only relevant for nris now, i guess. url
live uae plans to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india, pm modi says in dubai fi url
modi try to bring many investors to india via his foreign toursbut ppl trolling him
this the return gift from bjp & modi govt to ex. army service men. its a good days of modi govt. url
no subsidy on burnool.
pahuch jayegi, today h
pffftsnigger, snigger modi refers to himself in third person? hashtag
hashtag this man modi is getting above caste creed and religion day by day he is turning out to be a international leader
what kind of a sadist bunch aaptards and congress loonies are? hashtag url
lol handle i dont understand y these aapcongress fellows act like they wet their undies every time namo gives a speech
handle what mr.modi would write in high school essay
there r still num mps in ls url
rt handle pm modi says strong foundation laid for diplomatic ties to help future generations hashtag
modi is his own pr , ops, execution, content, advertising and delivery team. hashtag
jealous of modi ji . refects numm his tweets
proud to be follower of modi url
handle watching, hearing modi ji in dubaioverseas is not less than watching a cricket,fifa world cup finaltruly miraculous leader
terror strikes bangkok in south asia as asia hero modi welcomed warmly by middle east rulers! url
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took place
handle handle ghazi modi has already taken $$ from ford foundation.
yes. his confidence level is unmatched.but y he is sparing pak militarily, is incomprehensible. hashtag url
. handle modi is busy in taking selfies and we are busy in giving final touches to kala parinda
uae welcomes narendra modi
wont b surprise if handle & handle demands pm modi to wear jockey banyaan instead of sum international brand.
chants of modimodi all over!
these are called eyes of legendary elders of fableshashtag sir url
pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of uss madison url
rt handle euphoria all over a slide show of namos journey was shown the crowd couldnt control their excitementbegan roaring handle
rt handle handle in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect pup
clear doubts on naga integration chief minister tarun gogoi on monday questioned narendra modis position on url
simply super a true leader n patriot making india image sky high pappu shd learn fm namo some basic url
becoz num years old have modi on their lip
hashtag modi loses his mental balance in foreign countries becoz as a nationalist he leave his mind in india.
fantastic gutsy speech by our beloved pm namo, we are very happy and thankful to benefit from his visit in uae hashtag
the stadium for modis speech is full. the last time this stadium was full when india & pakistan played a match. fabulous welcome hashtag
its all about, how you sell yourself? hashtag hashtag hashtag
enough sachin references. come on guys. youre better than this! and sachin > modi
hashtag live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium prime minister narendra modi is url emoticon
frustrated goondas & anarchists url
handle mr modi ,thats fine , but what extra evidence you need here url .its too much , we will revolt
rt handle modi is troubling aap govt shamelessly in delhi, aap must retaliate in every possible democratic manner handle
modi trolling pakistan at their adopted home ground. the audacity!
now you wishes to bring fdi from uae
when will modi visit kerala!
namo @ dubai watch live telecast janam tv, times now, cnnibn, aemoticon news, and more national or international url
true only hindutva sanghi coz he fools hindus well url
abey chutiya handle, jerks like you should be thrown out of india. stop making baseless allegations against modi ji. handle.
rt handle a muslim mans love for modii hope all congressii are watching hashtag url
rt handle whats wrong with modi url
marhaba namo numk indians expected num attend firstofits kind reception num hashtag
modi with the prime time
what a speech from fdi to terrorism to naga accord every neighbour gets a mention (except ofcos pak) take a bow pm modi
rt handle brilliant leadership.handle handle handle url
handle handle modi in dubai must be giving pakistanis creeps
handle sir pls be fair to modi like u review films. pls pls pls pls i request ucoz i have lot of respect for u
modis innings in dubai cricket stadium is better than sachins in sharjah
handle thankyou modi g
rt handle num flights come to hashtag from india every week and it still took num years for an indian pm to come here hashtag url
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag also modi is citing hashtag boundary line agreement. url
modi departs for dubai prime minister narendra modi on monday left for dubai on the second leg of his uae vis url
narendra modi showing his num inch seena today.
pm modi is hitting six sixers in dubai cricket stadium with every dialogue hats off
rt handle handle awesome speech by our pm modi ji in dubai .
rt handle if modi wasnt elected, stupidity of lot of people would still be hidden.
rt handle ohh namo making world crazy url
narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium ends hashtag
rt handle narendra modis one to one meeting with his highness sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi httpemoticon
rt handle rt drindrajeetrai hashtag india is changing not because of modi but due to num crore indians. every world leade
rt handle no let him keep speaking. the more he speaks, the more he can be caught out url
last message of general hameed gul to modi before death url via handle
rt handle i have been urging modi to include handle in governance even since it was evident dat nda will come into power https
handle some will still say modi ji took them along, but then closing eyes only makes one blind not the world dark
is it only me who feel an overdose of modi speeches. same content. diff packagingmuch better than upa though without doubt !hashtag
video a $num mndollar pay check is an easy one for me to give players handle url url
modi is a true gujarati. asks you to gift your sister an insurance policy that costs num rs.
he spoke about nations saying good taliban bad taliban good terrorism bad terrorism etc hope pak got the message url
modi ji talking about terrorism in islamic country. waah ! truly aache din. hashtag
rt handle pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai (photo courtesy ani) hashtag url
amidst all the excitement & grandeur at hashtag the worst thing seems to be namo speech hashtag
hashtag those who questions modi that what have u done, or what are u doing, listen to his dubai address (live)just to get to know
rt handle no idea what this is but im hypnotized. url
modified crowd handle handle handle handle handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
bravo pm modi saabthis is another victory for youfive trillion dollars investment in india will be a big boost for indian economy
handle namo sir take india as jagatguru in hole world
sickukar must see dis pic who says muslims will nvr like pm modi!secular slap to sickular! hashtag hashtag url
dedicated to street goon handle from a common man url
url rt minhazmerchant thank you danishsir .minhazmerchant at his best. must read n i tot url
we allow foe in india. to each hisher own views. we think of pak as terror sponsoring state against all neighbours url
handle idiotic congress just cant digest modis popularity abroad, and the impressive visits that he makes which cong pms cud not do
modi doval duo is doing unexpected things so simply hashtag huge huge huge
rt handle umm yeah. this is a modi event. idea of india khatre main. hashtag url
url timesnow oh wow wat a grt time modi ji havingi mean we r havingthanku uae
handle >handle < this ass hole has got the support of namo, otherwise could have been kicked much before.
its great to see pm modi speaking at dubai you should also see handle
pm narendra modi addresses around num,num people at the indian community reception held at the dubai cricket url
rt handle dear brothers, dont fund terrorism. this is what modi ji is saying right? hashtag
proud num have pm like hashtag
live hashtag watch pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi, modi url
rt handle see, i had told you. handle no points for guessing pm modi will speak a few words in malayalam. hashtag
rt handle pm mr handle to discuss trade, cement energy partnership with hashtag.
rt handle who pays for hashtag pm hashtag carnivals in foreign countries like d one now happening hashtag ?
dawood ibrahim watching modi jis speech with cigarette.hashtag
rt handle why bbc bigots? because they dont want to peddle the lies that the modi government feeds you?
handle though im a modi supporter i dont know what to write next
modi government failed to control inflation and fooling public on petrol price hashtag hashtag hashtag url
actually modi is very capable of boosting the indian economy.
yeah sabhi rss wale url
impressed by namo so far. this guy knows how to play to a crowd.
handle modi himself is a terrorist,he killed thousands of muslims in gujrat province
obviously. next election in east handle modi top priority should be to develop the eastern and northeastern parts of the country.
handle handle handle handle handle handle r u guys nationalists.ask urslf url
shri handle modi ji, thank you for speaking in hindi in a foreign soil. it really made me proud. jai hind sir emoticon
rt handle wow modi mania continues .saw videos of people chanting modi modi .he surely has a magnet around hashtag url
my firstpost article on how a gujarati thali and sanjeev kapoor followed modi all the way to a state dinner in uae. url
i am veri happy mr.narendra modi com to dubai
check out these funny posters! emoticon handle url
modi elected by publicnumserve india& not dynasty.he is doing what he must do for dridanarayan.congies can keep crying url
i wonder how many sheet rahul gandhi would require for such a massive speech like modi emoticon
modi is like a rock star! hashtag
they were the main source of foreign exchange url
dear handle n handle it is hightime u start giving subsidy on burnol hashtag hashtag url
watching narendra modi speech
rt ndtv imagine the strength shown, the magnetic power that has drawn the world here pm modi in dubai url
can watch modi on mute just for his hand gestures
handle handle i think modi is not a kind of person who give up these issues, and congys knowing this still disturbing ls, shame
there was nehru who used to address indians in english and then there is modi who speaks hindi abroad
>>> masters voice handle handle
modi has lied about everything
handle handle anjana ji modi ji shud also go to masjid in india. why he is believe so much in show off.
with this kind of reception modi would hv won the election even in dubai. hashtag
handle modis popularity has gone up at least num times in last num hours. he is a magician.
modi made it man accept it with whole heart for this country called handle handle bharat url
rt handle ab bas karo priti ji. national anthem is special to every indians heart. modi cant make it any more special. url
hashtag i proud of my india & i proud of modi ji
rt timesnow marhaba namo num,num indians attend the mega event at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
modi an idiot ! ppl dnt realize ths but in d near future whn thy ll suffr more thn thy ll agree!
lets hope handle i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next num yrs pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
spectators brave num degrees heat outside dubai cricket stadium to listen to modi hashtag url
handle modi ji has already asked us to give up gas subsidy. come hashtag, hell definitely ask us to give up our pension, for mps pay inc
this is not hashtag this is hashtag .crowd of over num here just num hear hashtag speak handle url
what a speech by namo
rt handle modi says how he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we dont get tea for re num url
humility and modi do not go together like oil and water do not go together. what a shame!
several opportunities for development in india modi url url
rt handle pm narendra modi leaves for new delhi. hashtag url
rt handle lol the best burnol moment for all modi haters hashtag handle handle handle url
we proud of india or very very proud of lovely pm mr. modi
rt handle when the hell do these idiots learn that indians = vegetarian. pah! lost cause. url
rt handle what a great and aspiring speech by our hon pm narendra modi in dubai. really overwhelming. felt proud of our nation a
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url
rt handle nobody can beat narendra modi on popularity in the world right now.
good one handle election bihar mein hai. par modi campaigning in kerala. rtp
hashtag pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin url
rt handle i can guess what modi will say
arguably greatest ind
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium. url
handle sir pls tweet any anti modi bashing. anything other than that wont look nice from u.
tom vadakkan, when pratiba patil went to uae stayed for num days nobody knew coz she did nothing. modi in num days created a flutter hashtag
rt handle hashtag targeting previous governments on foreign soil hashtag url handle handle handle
rt handle handle handle handle handle comedy with modi url
pm hashtag visit to mideast is making ripples in hashtag. hashtag supports indias bid to hashtag. good for hashtag. hashtag
handle rtthis amount worth, congress can steal in a scam easily in a yearhandle
rt handle today, modi was addressing bihar election rally from red fort.
mr. modi really knows how to make it big
its amazing num hear in a cricket stadium after
what an awesome speech by god modi
rt handle modis madison moment but handle missing in action hashtag hashtag
rt handle had a wonderful meeting with handle. we talked about several issues & agreed on need of stronger indiauae ties, tweets
handle handle only namo
handle india has num trillion investment opportunities pm modi in uae url hashtag
after listening to modijis speech in dubai,i can tell rest of the world,that i belong from a country where modi ji is our pm. hashtag
rt handle bhakts r thinking modis speech in dubai will help him win elections again. didnt happen in delhi, wont happen in bih
rt handle i am modern organized dedicated indian (modi). because i could not stop for death url
f bigger disgrace india
handle handle why modi is in dubai. read it here @ url
that veiled dig at pakistan was a good one from modi. laudable! samajhdaron ko ishara kaafi hashtag
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi the national url hashtag
modi speech very passionate wish he had the same passion for our soldiers plz implement orop. url
all foreign dignitaries go to the same mosque as pm modi has, its a way to pay homage in uae asadowaisi url
rt handle prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bom httpemoticon
a great speech by our leader mr.modi ji . he is not a indian leader now a world leader to transform india to a worlds stage hashtag
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url hashtag zeenews
nice one sir good analysis why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world url via handle
handle handle where is this, and where is modi?
another gem from mr pm.there are num flights between india and dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here modi hashtag
rt handle perpetual hatred and events of last numhrs has scarred her completely. url
i can say proudly that when vajpayee called indians abroad for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the rtmodi url
watching marhaba namo. wherever he goes the way indian diaspora celebrates the culture of our land at one place is no less than any festival
india is my first love thats why i love modi hashtag hashtag
handle modis words concluding central asian tour in tajikistan. direct link = pok url
cong.is jealous of modis stature. rahuls trials to reduce the chest size of modi proved futile.make derogatory rmks out of frustration.
rt handle pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice president and p
absolutely! salute to hashtag nationbuilder
rt handle it took an indian pm num years to reach uae. i promise this will not happen in the rtpm narendra modi hashtag
.handle handle heard the next stop for goliath is davids land, wonder what benjamin thinks of goliath!
handle ok sanjay, dolt raul is much better than modiare you happy? now go sleep
rt handle pic num manmohan singh ji
scores double century in his maiden innings in the stadium.
handle modi has come to dubai meri shaadi nahi ho rahi hai where you have to be happy for me be happy for india! hashtag
hashtag if modi criticises other govt then who else could do this as nehrugandhi family remained in power.
some ppl like handle handle handle n handle handle said modi was just about hollow promises (cont)
bohra muslims from gujarat arent they, the community is represented well in all modi rallies be it madison or dubai url
rt handle handle handle for modi parliament temple of democracy rahul rest room after late night tom&jerry show http
bjp thinks modi is a charismatic leader crowds think he is more an entertainment figure
mr. modi modified the definition of pm. proud to have him our leader. he has taken india to the path of progress & prosperity. hashtag
this counter keeps increasing every time namo travels abroad!
paid? there were tickets sold for this? url
whether u had chance to take an interview namo handle
congress flays modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url url
rt handle every one loves modi hashtag url
url are you with terrorism or againstit? modi asks in url url
handle narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir hashtag
how does it feel saba naqvi ji to eat the crow? this is exactly how karma acts as a bitch! hashtag url
cant decide which is more ridiculous ranveer singhs antics at film award shows or modis speeches abroad. hashtag
rt handle a group of major americawestchurch funded hashtag which worked hard to stop modi ji in jan num http
handle handle handle great! namo speaks for the people and entire humanity!
rt handle narendra modi holds talk with uae crown prince url url
y ts govt n kcr diluted notenumvote case big shame on kcr. ppl hv lost trust. kcr n modi also suprts corptn. emp cn do corrptn at their conv
handle that too land that was allotted in num under upa rule. modis tweet made it seems that it was current
numk in dubai cricket stadium even a high voltage indo pak wouldnt hv attarcted that mass publicnamo cahrisma is still on hashtag
handle what modi did in godhra
rt handle ppl in sheikh zayad masjid chant modi modi is very disturbing num seculars!
rt handle how does modi manage to enthrall crowd everywhere i mean, there has to be some charisma or chord he manages to strike! s
only this guy can pull off this! hashtag
time for a decisive fight against terrorism has come pm modi hashtag
rt handle when modi was roaring in dubai, somone was peeing their pant hashtag url
rt handle pm modi talks about naga peace accord. talks successful. after num years, it has happened. baatchit se hi raasta nikalta h
handle handle majority of nris here dont adhere to modi ideology being euphemistic, hashtag
noting mild similarity between how modi talks and how rajni talks.
handle handle whoever asked why namo didnt speak about terrorism on i day, its a tight slap today. this man has guts.
modi should also play cricket at sharjah. hashtag
pm modi is giving the energetic speech but long way to go to make india superpower
fact the num who voted for modi here are enjoying seeing him live at the big event hashtag !
hashtag hashtag by listening hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle modi said bharat is full of powerful youths cong manmohan said india is full of poverty .cong corruption modi super
rt dailyo you dont need parliament to expel exam scams, mr hashtag anshumannumtiwari url hashtag hashtag
we are lucky that we have narendra modi as pm.
rt handle modi gave less than num bn$ to mongolia, brought num bn$ numm uae.
rt handle spotted a fan in namo t shirt handle url
heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen rahul kanwal of allfinally the truth dawned on himfinally this is modi mania url
rt handle pig handle in search of crap
handle handle is handle there to ask ask audience antimodi questions? hashtag
the sikulars need to ask a logical question, why should modi visit the gulf just before bihar elections?
handle haha modi is nothing new even by a whimper. i want more radical breaking of status quo. not new bottle only like modi.
rt handle handle vegetarian hashtag ji competing u worldtour.handle handle handle handle hashtag htt
rt handle handle handle handle paramount humbleness ! pm modi never takes credit,attributes to num cr of us,
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. url
i wonder if modi asks these foreign leaders how come you are not following me on twitter?
truth b told,modis malayalam is still better than shashi tharoors hashtag
any child in india would love to shake hands with the pm, if he reached out. few before modi did. last one certainly didnt. hashtag
pm modi launches national handloom day
rt handle modi actin fearless in uae. if u hv real guts cm address the numerous issues raised in parliament in india. stop running
impressed modi musical talk url
rt handle modi ji slying like a boss today
rtbcz he isnt fake gandhi
modi ji this is you who make me believe that india can overcome from corrupt system.
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi dubai the crown prince of the united url
hashtag rt dailyo why modi is no longer ignoring the hashtag world, by minhazmerchant url
rt handle joint statement between the united arab emirates and the republic of india
rt handle num hrs before modi gives his big speechlike whaaat hashtag url
handle amartya sen tera baap hai kyawe give a damn to this communist.handle handle url
handle the hashtag event has started. modi will speak approximately at numrtnum pm.
dubai stadium of modi speech all indian people is like
rt handle hashtag narendra hashtag touring hashtag research labs! hashtag url
rt handle modi ji can prove himself num indian by bringing a num inch led from dubai
modi has more hair now
har har mahadev modi roaring in dubai opposition crying in india hashtag
handle are we gifting insurance policies to our sisters on this rakhi? ask mr. modi hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
great handle handle asia is doing great in every aspect url
rt handle modi to uae india has $num trillion potential, invest in it, reports handle url hashtag url
handle till ghazi modi gets his $$ from iran, silence on isis
handle indian media claiming that modi gave a tough message to pak from dubai soilhandle handle handle handle
modi asking to congragulate crowned prince of abu dhabi
handle handle let us accept that there was lethargy earlier. mr modi was only trying to communicate that now infua is different
handle boss namo is speaking mallu in dubai. like udit narayan, but still he is. hope you are in ecstatic trance.
handle just for today references modi missed the entire foreign mention from numth august speech he is extremely well planned
rt handle this modi modi modi chant in the dubai cricket stadium is much much bigger than sachin sachin sachin in india! hashtag
strong statements hashtag hashtag url
hinduism, most resilient way of life ever. modiji will make impossible, possible for stronger india. url
they r left with no option. otherwise people wont watch their channel url
they cant find even find a hole to hide reason why hashtag deployed for dirty tricks. sick hashtag. url
handle great leaders like modi bring great respect for their nations.
only pm modi can do.grnum sir.
my respect is the respect to the indians living here, and to indias changed image narendra modi
rt handle handle handle it reflects more on modis lack of maturity n stature than on the opposition he is exposing his
modis speech is like a tnum match instant kick, mass appeal, paisa (time) vasool & last but not the least cheerleaders hashtag
not to ignore that the globalists might be propping up india (for their own ends). handle must keep guard. url
modi can count to infinity twice.
handle handle insa alla iss hermaphrodite namo chhutkara deo.what he preeched before election not done. lost all stoic sense even !
congrats saina nehwal for winning silver at world badminton url
modi addresses thousands of indian expats at dubai cricket stadium url etribune, sports
wont be surprised if namo does a chaiya chaiya dance
rt handle pm modis address at investors meet at masdar city in abu dhabi
hashtag do bhakts wear skull caps and keep muslim beards to show fake muslim support for modi?
rt timesofindia we sent drinking water to maldives through flights pm hashtag url url
rt masdarinst hashtag narendra hashtag touring hashtag research labs! hashtag url hashtag
hashtag indian media shut by modi once and all
handle have u seen mp results where congress wiped out totally despite of all false allegations whyjust thinking people want modi
rt handle hahahaha=> handle oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm rightno need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.
rt handle that moment when modi caught myattention handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag h
handle you mean modi represent num.num crore indians?
was otp with handle namo beh i miss you bigtime wuv u
modi visits sheikh zayed grand mosque, meets indian workers
people in dubai flocking to the cricket stadium to catch a glimpse of indian pm narendra modi. hashtag url
modi a shameless primeminister in indian history, always anywere only polytics
modi magiconly one word to sayrespect hashtag
rt handle people are biasedfor hashtag,crowd in hashtag is chanting hashtag.modiif hashtag goes there,they will chant hashtag pappu
lol seems like modi is the only pm who was fond of travelling rtp url
rt handle just woooooooow speech hashtag url
cii hails nda govts efforts to curb black money menace
the warm & grand welcome by the rulers of hashtag reflect changing image of india; d efforts of nris. ~ hashtag in hashtag url
hashtag hashtag as hashtag and hashtag as his hashtag hashtag would be a great combination. both restless for hashtag.
so now seculars, apptards & liberals will say in uae entire audience of modis speech was exported from india and all were bjp karyakartas
rt handle prime minister for more than an year now, modi blames congress for his own failures as an excuse. these glib talks won
rt handle is malini p of the hindu or may be an aaptard running this hilarious handle? url
no hypocrisy what so everhashtag url
handle this pic was being circulated in def groups as todays headline with glee that this is how modi greeted in uae
the way modi ji works num*num, youngsters half of his age cant match numth of his energy. truly he is a divine personality!
modi makes india highest growth rate countary in the world. hashtag
its nt delli, up & bihar.its dubai stadium .num+ indians are present in marhaba namo show emoticon hashtag url
hashtag hashtag hashtag speaking between num and num pm (hashtag) to block the hashtag on tv. hashtag hashtag
rt handle brutal attack on hashtag leadersworkers in lucknow by up police.seems mulayams new friendship with modi at play.approa
modi seems to have pulled off a diplomatic coup along many dimensions in uae.
rt handle nobody trolls better than pm modi url
modi ji whn addresing large crowds,he is a natural political spkr,has content & connect for hz audiencehashtag url
modi projecting india as a major south asian power.
we could ask this asshole to prove his allegation pf billions spent! but then, he is an asshole url
rt handle after modis visit, uae allotes land for first hindu temple url
rt handle narendra modi is one of the greatest indian leaders of all time. i have the utmost respect for him.
rt handle thats another achievement of handle govt
for news channels in india, pm handle speech on foreign visits on primetime turns into modi primetime bulletin. such a blockbuster!
rupee today is num.num per usd. *** all time low in pm modi regime *** url
what a incredible speech in uae handle of india@ narendra modi sir,,,iam so inspired your speech one of indias great pm of u
rt handle lulz the pain of ants in pants and bottom on fire url
hashtag amazing speech going on. modi rocks again. no one can match him
no one knows modi outside gujarat remember that mulayam singh
the modi sarkar is as spineless as a maggi noodle. it has been neutralised in num minutes flat. hashtag
rt handle modi taking another dig at pak
watching pm modis speech live from dubai.
rt handle febnum inc govt approved orop
dawood is heavily invested in uae
pm modi his highness the crown prince was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me. this url
rt handle not for sachin this time modi modi url
hashtag down the arrogance of modi sarkar and screw the shit out of delhi policeindian army needs to ensure the honour of veterans
plz wait for mr. modis returning for rp
num. shatrudhan sinha
handle handle handle handle if true this is very sad modi
num modi motivating num.num billion indian globally from the shores of dubai before numstrong indian. rejuvenating the belief of india numst.
indian pm modi on begging spree to muslims & went abu dhabi the hindu
modi rocks everywhere jai namo hashtag
rt handle uae has supported indias demand for permanent membership to the un security council hashtag
handle crowd roars with modi modimodi modimodi. modi with numk ppl. presenting speech. jai hind. url
rt handle hashtag luks like todays task of ranting against modi has been given to freshly recruits aapiyes n congitards .dey pul
i liked a handle video url pm modis address at investors meet at masdar city in abu dhabi
hashtag for every million supporters modi has one hater.u can count his haters from a population of num.num billion ppl who luv him to bits
hashtag modi num flights to dubai from india
sure release masarrat url
rt handle everything is happening for the first time in india since independence.
with hawaii cushion chappals! url
modi wishes to bury his communalist baggage & build on indias pluralistic image & highlight islams role in history
rt handle hahaha kindly recall that modi actually won ls num with indian mp s. hasnt sunk in yet, yeah? url
handle handle handle congratulations and very thankful to uae govt to care modi ji. hashtag, hashtag hashtag
marhabaa habibi kaif falak
hashtag ji appropriated hashtag in exact same way.
our brother islamic country uae has decided to support india in its bid to seek un security council membership during modis visit.
rt handle to avoid a tahrir square, modi needs to deliver url
pmmodistconnectioninuae url
handle handle.lage raho, aaptards. we will move ahead under modi leadership
rt handle why opposition is targeting hashtag hashtag on right fact, asks vivek katju to handle in hashtag hashtag
pm modi thanks the crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for allotting land to build a temple in url
via narendra modi app url hashtag
dont be surprised at the timing of bangkok blast just before modi speech in uae world attention diverted.
modis speech was awesome hashtag
when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india pm modi
handle handle dont worry mk, mihir is just mad he broke his tv after seeing adoration for modi in uae url
no foreign country has a diaspora this big in india. no country has a charismatic leader like hashtag
live hashtag indians working here are making the country proud through their conduct pm modi url
hindu temple in abu dhabi! sickulars will now say modi didnt ask for mosque there, only temple,hence communal! burnol moment hashtag
modi leading in dubai too with huge margin. hashtag
because earlier indian pms were not tourists like you are. url
handle well done sir like king modi in dubahi
rt handle host of steps have been taken by the government to tackle black money pm narendra modi
mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, uturns and flipflops, including on orop is talking about indecisiveness. hashtag
sanctions were put on india. that time, ab vajpayee had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi
rt handle this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm narendra modi in dubai url
numpm hashtag hashtag paks sphere of influence punctured. courting its friends, cornering pak. modi turns tables on pak. handle
rt handle the more you burn with your hatred towards modi , the more he shines worldwide. hashtag
in an interview handle when modi goeskitne aadmi the sir, lost my count hashtag
rt handle uae economy minister says uae open to meeting any demand of oil from india after meeting pm modi hashtag via handle
handle i think modi has set the tone for the nsa level talks. join against terror or be left behind. pakistanis should choose wisely.
enjoy the cultural events marhaba namo in dubai url what a gathering with true spirit indian discipline
rt handle this year so far, modi has made num foreign visits. obama made num. xi made num. modi must have a terrific team to take care o
sources to pti govt will notify dmf guidelines soon after consultations with pm modi
handle modi might not be a rock star, but he is rocking heart & minds of whole world.(minus sickulars& pakistanis)
namo namo rocks in dubai ; its awesome to listen you handle hashtag hashtag
handle handle if arvind can do bijli, paani free, what is the problem with modi govt,start pension now do calculations later!
rt handle so the cat is out ! modi scuttles national herald investigation. bows to italian queen url
modi reading speech points from a piece of papercheat. hope bhakts will bark today also. one fore points proved today modi can read
handle we love our namo
pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference vk singh economic times url hashtag
rt handle waiting for modi to anytime go kuch bhi ho furious num mein abu dhabi ka scene baap tha.
rt handle rajdeep would agree. nris are as prone to gundagardi, as our mps.
modi going extempore, yet to the point hitting the right cord with the people hashtag hashtag
pm modi talks tough on terrorism, expresses joy over uaes support for indias permanent membership in the unsc
what a great experience to see,
congress will be fuming at hashtag for mentioning hashtag name in his speech handle handle url
shame on modi. his govt bjp, rss have zero contribution in makeinindia & blaming others shows his c
rt handle omg namo speaks in malayalam for people of kerala .look at the crowd cheering
hashtag hashtag hashtag is modi changing his tune? coming down harshly on sexual harassme url violenceagainstwomen
hashtag muslims in foreign lands dont fear modi but seculars in india do
hashtag historical speech on current affair by hashtag.
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. hashtag
handle aap supports only jdu & not lalu is same as saying i support only modi and not rss, its a baggage. why support corrupts?
modi ji is should be best awarded with self promotion &; selfies hashtag
handle complains too much chest beating on nepal rescue work yeah thats the worst of modi he could pick! hashtag
handle namo is bringing huge investment of num.num lac crore, this wil really help our economy to grow.
this is really paid crowd as they obey modis orders. handle
it is not abt divisive politics or abt election, it is the soul of indian diaspora that chants modi modi hashtag
meanwhile modi reached now all sickular dogs r ready to criticize modi
rt handle meaningful fight against terrorism is only possible with uae supporting india in its strong resolution to fight terrorism
pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium. live updates url url url
handle ala chaala countries velladu first time in num yrs, num yrs ani. foreign policy and affairs maatram super modi vi.
handle dont be sad,pm modi will pull a rabbit out of his pagdi when he returns frommid east.
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in url url
handle where r those congi spokies who i guess anand sharma promised that they wll b sent whenever modi is in foreign tour?
and now who is spreading the word that modi brought all the people in a ferry to fill the stadium!
handle also sir, i think namo ji is the first politician who stayed over night in all districts of india bnum becoming pm handle
modi has a vision, have charm to attract whole world. tmro dont know
terrorist modi is trying to spread terrorism in each&every state of india.
handle aajtak ke paas sirf breaking news hotha hai or every news of modi g is breaking
rt handle watched modis speech. a must watch.
rt handle modis message to every nri who gave bjp money for ram mandir at ayodhya for better roi donate to uae government next
harishchandra retweeted handle url
we opened bank accounts for poor pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
rt handle given the fact that good proportion of the crowd shouting namo zindabad r mallus some ldrs in kerala might be visiting re
salesman and marketeer of the year award goes tohashtag hashtag hashtag (oh)
rt handle ten former service chiefs write to pm narendra modi seeking justice on implementation of hashtag
an increase of num in foreign direct investment. hashtag hashtag
hashtag hashtag modis mosque visit attracts mixed response from muslims he said that if url hashtag hashtag
handle has uae declared itself the indian province and now onward modi will decide the fate of dubai resident.
i see before me a minihashtag, says pm modi to indian diaspora in dubai url url
indeed a great crowd puller and a fantastic speaker hashtag is a magician hashtag
i swear i never saw this much fervour & excitement even during wc. no matter how much his haters whine, namo is ruling hearts. hashtag
this shows how much people are excited to meet modi in hashtag . a true world leader hashtag url
url rt anthonysald dubai stadium set for pm modis madison square moment what has dubai stadium got to do with madi
pm modi at dubai cricket stadium indian national anthem played at uae url via handle
rt handle live those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi ht
he loves a crowd; crowds love him. modi can happily give speeches his entire life i think.
in a short while pm modi numk indian people in dubai
modi is just bluffing the nation. pm modis independence day speech exhibits a disturbing distance from reality url
master url age leader. youth icon seasoned statesman. marhaba namo hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
foundation of trust between india and uae will last for years narendra modi ji.
i always respected handle for his brilliant marketing strategies but handle has clearly outdone him. definitely a crowd puller hashtag
public modi modi modi
if the environment continues to be this, crown prince will soon get up & start chanting modi modi
handle handle what a classic speech by his honorable prime minster mr.modi
rt handle dubai stadium gets jampacked num hours before modi speech in the stadium hashtag , people chanting modi modi
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle bomb attack is against modi visit to ua
never seen a politician as ferocious as in his speeches hashtag hashtag
handle if gujarat model was bluff, dubai model of development is nightmare.
hashtag proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said indi url
rt handle modis innings in dubai cricket stadium is better than sachins in sharjah
finally the man numn nly our beloved prime minister shree narendra modi is here hashtag url
some may feel homesick.
we opened bank accounts for poor pm modi
num;;all oppositions,congis,media also know the ability of modi govt that certainly will keep their url crying in fear.
handle handle handle well search for yourself hidden cam exposures modi involvement in godhra
surprised to see pm modi in a mosque. he may visit a few in india for a change of heart.
pm modi started emigrate portal to address problems of indian immigrants
modi speaking about terrorism in dubai.
i dnt remember when was da last time i had waited whole day num watch sumthin on my tv. mst be called namomonia. handle handle
modi is a great person modi ji uae going waiting for indian indian i love india
num ppl gathered num hear modi ji.
oh modi emoticon! you magnificent beast hashtag
handle handle handle handle handle how long officials hide these cease fire violations since may num from pm modi
handle cuz modi is muslim killer in india and s criminal, he is wanted both in canda ,and usa
we want second green revolution in india pm hashtag url url
handle handle she says you are modi bhakt so she blocked you
abpnewstv hashtag pm narendramodi takes veiled swipe at hashtag over hashtag url url
so modi went to uae to build a temple ?
that is what makes him a true human being who treats everyone as another human being without seeing his religion url
rt handle plenty of pakistanis also present in hashtag cricket stadium chanting modi modi
some one just remaind im nah url
good night saarrr url
rt handle hope modi does some chest thumping on farmer suicides,falling economy n increasing crimes n communal riots during
rt handle repeat after me. modi has no influence outside gujarat.
i want to see complete india in pak
i think namo has created history mehraba namo & now there will be a always namo.
rt handle nobody can troll the scamgressis better than namo.
hashtag proud to be an indian today. modi has got us out of the depressed phase that we were in.
handle this disgust was expected from u can not appreciate any thing about modi. modiphoboa
hashtag after a long silence in parliament session at last modi got a platform to speak and he spoke num.num hours without break.
pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan prime minister narendra modi will announ url
what a powerful speech
the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo clive stafford smith url
handle hey man, u r not in dubai today, interviewing people at stadium about gujarat riots and how bad modi is?
rt handle modi = (numcarore supported people)
pm hashtag critics would be more eager to watch him than his supporters. hashtag
hashtag historical speech on current affair by hashtag!
amazing crowd hashtag url
looks like mini kerala is out there url
rt handle pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
handle but can modi score a century against australia at sharjah?that too on with laxman on the other end and making running difclt.
one thing which i really like about modi is his speech in hindi, our national language, wherever he goes. hashtag
modi gimmick goes on and on and on.
be it terrorism or anything now saarc, modi targeting pakistan from all over. delinking them from uae completely on moral grounds
bhakts r already fools url
rt handle good to see indian pm handle visiting labor camp in hashtag url but must do more on recruiters, c
modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism url
india is being projected well. url
handle very bad that modi is showing insensitivity towards j&k situation where he had promised rosy picture.
hashtag trending worldwide proud to be an indian we are lucky to have pm like modi url
handle modi forgot to click a selfie with barack. barack sulked
rt handle they call lalit modi bhagoda from law tho no court case filed against him.never called mf hussain bhagoda.didnt he have
modi wave allover the world hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle dubai crowd for modi more than twice as big as madison square garden url
pak hackers deface rajasthan acb (url ) website, mock army and pm modi claiming india url
may god grant u the loooooongest life. india loves u.
mr pm modi wished mallyalishappy new year in dubaibtw i want to know which festival is today can anyone tell me please
rt handle live uae agreed to invest num.num lakh crore in india modi
hope he remember gujrat riots. hashtag
hashtag hashtag mohammed receives indian pm modi his highness sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, vicepresiden url
we have once again los
rt handle hashtag hashtag will never understand the sense of nation pride & joy that pm modi brings num indians where ever he g
shocked(!)numc so many rssbjp men(hindus only of course ) waiting in cricket stadium dubai num welcome modi. sahi me jugadu hai modi man gaye.
when did any past pms have such an appeal? pm modi has changed certain equations forever, thats for certain.
rt handle dont care no more, we will get off and run in numc to see namo! hashtag hashtag url
rt handle private channels arent allowed on foreign trips and dd news has access to the kitchen where modis lunch is prepared ht
terrorism top in modis agenda , speech revolving around it .
rt handle pm hashtag speaks in malayalam to extend greetings to people from hashtag settled in hashtag hashtag
comedy nights with modi url
modis going on and on about me in his speech.
handle modi was never communal. only thing he never into appeasement business. events like sadbhavna happened earlier also.
rt handle barak obama stop this hashtag .
modi says committed to orop; veterans seek specific time frame
rt handle only modimodimodimodi at sheikh zayed grand mosque, uae. url
we dont look at the colour of the passport for indians. the colour of our blood is enough handle handle marhaba namo
handle mind boggling to see so many hashtag cheering emoticon
rt handle uae govts land allotment for a temple is a positive signal and few indians say that modi ji is advocating communalism in
india needs modi modi
ndtv we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm modi url
rt handle handle handle the main problem is in assam, it has gone to the point of noreturn what namo is trying to do
pm modi condemns bangkok blast prime minister narendra modi on monday condemned the blast in bangkok and exte url
modi is the second indian to be greeted with such applause in dubai cricket stadium, first is obviously sachin tendulkar. hashtag
rt handle pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi url
when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india pm modi in dubai
listen partnum clip num proof (num)
prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united arab emirates was received a hashtag
one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu url
pm modi to address a num,num strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in num minutes. live updates url
v r with u carry on modi ji url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url hashtag ndtv achedinaanewale
india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investment bloomberg url hashtag
trade, terror to top pm modis agenda in uae today hashtag, news url hashtag url
handle handle modi is best pm of tha world
rt handle watch live hashtag to address indian community in madison squarelike event url url
hashtag for sagarika , rajdeep and o
rt handle live indian ambassador hosts pm narendra modi at a reception in dubai url hashtag hashtag url
rt handle fdi in india has increased by num pm modi. hashtag hashtag
modi tells the world to take a stand on terror, he himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in one year hashtag
this reminded me of that laalipaplipstick bhojpuri song url
n the stupid old handle says pm modi dsnt speak, hes silent. tell the idiots when he does the world goes gaga. salute hashtag
rt handle come on saba, im sure youre wishing that raga wud get such a reception in amethi atleast no url
rt handle hashtag pm modi to address a num,num strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in num minutes.
hats off pm modi. thanx to his highness crown prince of dubai fr proving its friendly relations and promoting harmony with india
photos modi, modi chants ring out in dubai on rediff yet?you should and now url
handle massage giving to narendra modi india great pakistan people and isis people narendra modi i am clean only target pakistan
rt handle indias modi faces tough afghan choices two powerful arguments, diametrically opposed to each other, have app url
rt handle handle this confirms modi cannot go beyond vajpayee disappointing ! hendrikson brooks, pdp govt , netaji files
take care if he says he wants to buy something
handle handle handle is it a case of nero handle fiddles while indians boils ?
hashtag hashtag hashtag handle handle url
handle pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple the times of india on mobile.
handle few months ago modi ji announced that the citizens of many countries will get visa on arrival at indian airports n its not
rt handle why opec members need modi more then modi needs them ?
.handle is that why congress managed just num seats in num? jali kya! url
ground dubai great sir
facepalm for the congress coolies trending hashtag as modi rocks in dubai
rt handle ed sealed two singapore bank accounts of lalit modi url
pm modi takes a tour of masdar city in abu dhabi url via handle
hashtag doesnt know how to lie without being caught
this time its hashtag, chanting
mms got abused even for sneezing. but bhakts are silent even when modi unleashes his police on military personnel. amazing! hashtag hashtag
hashtag crowd goes crazy , just num listen handle hashtag hashtag url
congress should send there spokespersons num dubai & expose modi & tel d world wat al happnd in num in gujarat hashtag hashtag
so is dawood being welcomed by you
rt handle going live on handle in a whilecome lets chat over dawood, dubai n pm modis visit. handle http
rt handle modi made muslims hold tirangas, he must apologies. url
rt handle reaction of sonia gandhi to narendra modis thundering speech in uae. handle hashtag url
his highness was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi url url
wtfmodi bring in $numbillion us dollars
hashtag hashtag to meet hashtag hashtag on august num
modi; why it took num years to reach to this heaven? bcoz num years before there were no gappu pm like you. jumlabaaz kahin ka,choruhashtag
rt handle modi pays hugesum num cme
pm hashtag violence will not do good to anyone. hashtag
word cloud of tweets about lalit modi handle hashtag in the last num hour(s). url
rt handle pm narendra modi speaking at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
till now all v heard from our ex pms were words like condemn,sorry,tragic,condolences!n na under modi we hear punish url
look at the respect namo commands among world leaders url
rocking modi ji hashtag
some of you lick so much modi ass
handle hashtag salut the pm, mr modi for this wonderful trip to the uae.
rt handle if its rains in india, people in dubai will open up an umbrella. that close they are modi handle
rt handle narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium ends hashtag
rt handle worlds inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of develop
prime minister narendra modis address at the investor meet, at masdar city, in abu dhabi, url
modis speech in one picture hashtag url
rt handle this is what i tweeted yesterday. url this what a secular msm dude writes today. url
rt handle android m is not modi but next will be narendra pakka.
rt handle chalo, even modi has now said that islam is religion on peace.
my tl is flooded with pro modi tweets and that too from hashtag
hashtag magic, nobody else could do it. url
rt handle modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment
sir thats because of people clapping and shouting modi modi in dubai hashtag url
rt handle ignorant prople have never seen a time machine before. blame modi for everything. url
eth assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord gogoi has asked pm modi to clarify whether the i url
handle bhai modi num strong rss pracharak then pm one gets confused is he real or fake reminds of famous dr jeckyl and mr hyde
rt handle these sanghis mocked pratibha patil heavily fr her world tours
if he (modi) has such a great agenda, he has to deliver tom vadakkan, congress hashtag
rt handle to fight against terrorism, you have given us clear indications pm modi in dubai url
rt handle this is hilarious. the entire evening i was asked by diff indians to comment on pm modis dubai speech. i didnt since i hav
its an another proof of modi wave hashtagofcourse modi factor works everywhere dont remember he is
sorry to say, but mallus is dubai are so ignorant abt modi. handle
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle sir i appreciate your faith n namo wouldnt let u
handle whole world is appreciating modi, congress is still crying, rahul missing since num th aug. after every num days need milk with complan
rt handle ive heard of modi but who is this indu bai hes being linked with? hashtag
rt handle advance mey booking handle an important part of pm modis visit is nabbing dawood.
it is abominable that pm modi continues his pathetic lowbrow jibes at opposition partys when abroad. a huge embarrassment. hashtag
will pm modis uae visit reduce further hate against other countries? lets love and respect others.
all twitter accounts of newspapers and channels have started worshipping modi
rt handle did modi just say that we were never proud of our country before again? indirectly that too?
really proud of you hashtag handle hashtag url
pm modi win the heart of dubai. respect
modi is too briliiant in understanding the mood crowd
rt handle handle hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now] url
more than num indian peoples to listen mr.modi speech in dubai.
ettn pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister narendra mod url
rt handle live marhaba modi chant on in dubai as the pm gets ready for his speech url
hashtag grand reception for hashtag as he addresses indian community in dubai cricket stadium. num,num greet hashtag marhaba modi
rt handle modi rocks in dubai .what a speech ,what a personality,a true gentleman hashtag handle
but going out for bigger parties than jindals
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odi and num modi.
hashtag modi arrives in dubai where he will address a gathering at dubai international cricket stadium
india proud of expatriates handle url url
handle modi at dubai is available live at url please retweet for all
why delhi is going to be the first smart city in india hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
handle handle modi ji unite ushe is the face of secular india now
centre cornered on hashtag, hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag ctags url url
spot on. nation first. everything else comes second. url
crowd chanting hashtag ! electrifying atmosphere
rt handle handle craze for pm from darbhanga to dubai remains the same. historic url
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbouring countries pm modi
hashtag should wear handle jersey for tonight to please hashtag he will invest double.
pm modi left for india a short while ago. but here are the highlights of what he said in dubai
rt handle bt in home pakistan continue to violate ceasefire for numth day in a row
is it just me or modi really got bald a bit more?
watching & listening pm modi speech at dubai emoticon
rt handle there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi
handle handle handle why does modi wanna stop him with congress? let him do his job. if he dies well he grows if he does
handle modi is a superstar.
modi said india is victim of terrorism. those who oppose terrorism isone side andterror fits and countries othsrside.only humanitarians win
and youre talking about villages url
handle handle all these are bohra muslims. .pure businessmenso dnt think that muslims here will vote for modi
becoming fan of modis arms.
rt handle hashtag i am very much confident let d time come modi& doval combo will teach pakistan lesson of dere life .
to understand modi jis pure intention requires a healthy mind filled with nation devotion and h.umanity url
just wondering what pappu,nk or lalu must have said if they were addressing this gatheringsurely modi ,modi modi and modi hashtag
kids today admire modi coz hes a good orator. and theres nothing wrong with that. it just goes to show how desperate the modern day (num)
so modi presented a report of all his foreign visits on a foreign land.
handle it was chock o block full. over capacity. empty stands where the part undercloser to the stage and modis lectern.
handle true! my course group getting agitated! all sorts of rumours floating in whatsapp defence groups! modi bashing not orop anymore
hashtag pledges $num bn investment in india. major victory for modi. but the devil lies in details & there arent any as of now. my take sooon.
rt handle handle handle cultural shows with colorful turbans attire modi looks more ready for bollywood rather tha
uae has supported indias position on terrorism narendra modi
pm narendra modi on indouae joint statement denouncing terrorism url
url rt reinstallindia & they wish he (pappu) was like him (namo). url
handle cant believe you guys are this stoned all the time. hashtag url
handle handle who was atal bihari vajpayee again? there is always one pm and he is modi modi modi? rest all is history
new pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
live pm to address community members in dubai
tom wadakkan & congrascals are green with envy, yes modi is even better than atalji hashtag
human heart is painful for treatment with congress people in up but mind says they deservethey should appreciate the modi of num
congress and left are baffled with modis craze in islamic nation but over that their biggest source of funding drying
rt handle modi innings in one tweet. hashtag
pm narendra modi offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to uae the economic times url
rt handle economy,railways,infrastructure,roads,transport,real estate,hospitals,hotels,connectivity all improving day by day tha
rt handle hashtag sweeps civic polls in mp url so much for hashtag & congress stalling parliament over it. guess vo
handle india never has had such a prime minister like narendra modi ji
sri modi ji pl. give what one rank one pension people are asking at the cost of citizens of india
fenku is bringing umbrella frm dubai i guess as a souvenir riding n a camel rtd emoticon hashtag handle url
modi knows when, where and what to sayperfect selection of words to steal the show. salute hashtag
with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceoslist url
all true indian muslims christians and hindus support and love modi if you have any doubt just see hashtag gathering
rt handle hashtag series of mass suicides by bhakts reported after modis visit to grand mosque
handle modi have to convince investorsforget past expgovt.creating ease n atmospherecongress hv to accept reality n bear criticism.
handle hahaha should have told your colleagues about this when they were busy maligning modi all these years.
rt handle live now > pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
dear handle ,not just sagarika, but her husband handle & other modi haters handle handle etc hv blocked me hashtag
handle modi is worldwide popular , atal only in india
modi obviously has many faces. one he shows abroad and the other in india. woos others but cares little for indians. hashtag
bro, no taxes! who cares about the heat? hashtag hashtag hashtag url
jobs for youth, second green revolution in agriculture across india is our goal narendra modi
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi the enforcement url hashtag hashtag hashtag
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime minister url via handle
vice president presents gujar mal modi award to mustansir barma url
rt handle on one side there is terrorism, and on the other abu dhabi has allocated land for a temple narendra modi
handle handle its bad times num hashtag , more u attack hashtag his popularity just soaring every day handle
namo extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modis image exongc economic times exte url
when hashtag says lekin kuch logo ko thodi takleef hoti hai hashtag gets confusd if hes talking about pakistan or congress hashtag
extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modis image exongc chief rs sharma the economic times url
handle while modi speaks about cong in other country.all cong n even sm ppl in bjp opposed.same like modi u spoke abt tn in bang.
rt handle modi urges the crowd to give a standing ovation to crown prince for allotting land to temple crowd just hysterical
handle you are blessed. btwn you can start a digital coffee pe charcha like pm modis hit chai pe charcha. hashtag emoticon
and we thought hashtag and arab kings were only friends. url
entire dubai cheered when num lok sabha elections results were announced pm modi in uae
rt firstpost weve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm modi in dubai url
hashtag looking again the hashtag keep rising we always keep contributing our best to lift pride of india. make global india hashtag
rt handle hey dawood ibrahim, what if you rule in dubai, you cant stand in a stadium like modi and face such a huge crowd even
laptop mila aur aib suru url
kameshkumarnum url rt timesnow marhaba namo num,num indians attend the mega event at duba url
unsolicited advice to modis rtplease take the dance troupe from hashtag on next foreign visit. hashtag
uae has agreed to grant india land for a temple pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
modi in dubai live indian prime addresses the gathering url
marhaba namo num,num indians attend the mega event at dubai cricket stadium hashtag
modi govt nasty efforts num influence judges
rt handle even d dhongi babas on aashtha n such channels dont look so stupid n dumb like modi does wen he gives out his jumla speec
rt handle frustration. modi is not mms. url
rt handle desert coolers to beat the heat, giant screens for those unable to see modis speech in the stadiumhashtag
goodbye our respected pm modi! thank you for your visit. url
this is why modi is different from a average person url
rt handle indias modi talks up trade with uae url url
modi is such a rock star. mesmerizing speaker. url
hashtag when was the last time did an indian pm command so much respect around the world? awesome modi ! wish all his vision pays off.
hashtag > hashtag hashtag
hashtag who said modi magic is fainted just look at tv in news channel then you will get it emoticon
rt handle pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium shortly hashtag url
handle all these days u were crying that modi hasnt visited an islamic country. now do u consider hashtag this?hashtaghashtag
rt handle modi clearly talking tough on terror. impressive on that count. also, that came before make in india pitch hashtag
fdi worth num billion brought by modi.
rt handle really? its still important? those who hate modi will stop hating him? url
hashtag modi said hes seeing a mini india i bet for sure he must be talking about the meena bazaar in dubai
rt handle lol! superb sir url
hashtag hashtag awesome namowe are so proud of you
one is a gossip writer and another one is just a photo journalist.lets not expect things above their intellect url
this was the biggest test url
awaiting namo handle stadium. url
what does that mean? url
rt handle slow, steady, and sensible modis new approach to reviving indias banks url url
preparation out the place there modi jee is coming tomorrow help me guys if someone can i wants them meet him emoticon url
his supporters can take no criticism, not even suggestionsemoticon
rt handle software guys camechanged treatment in immigration counters
how lucky a lot of them are biharis )) url
bbc news why indias bihar is taking dna samples to spite modi url
india has shown rise in gdp.
interesting times url
in awe of the respect modi is getting in the uae. well done india! hashtag hashtag
sundar pichai will meet pm narendra modi
still modi went for riots in num, murderer!
its over a year, the craze shdve come down, but it hasnt. unbroken chants of modimodi for people of all hues, amazing energy despite heat
now its modi modi in cricket stadium
narender modi is a universal king
once modi promised, whats the hitch,
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odi and now num modi.
handle seeing packed schedule of namo baba is asking for another foreign trip this time numxnum=num days.
narendra modi congress leaders combat today in an attraction.
handle handle dont be so obsessed wid modi n hate others.
after num years of freedom, india gets narendra modi. handle handle
handle handle the reason of their silence may be bcoz of the alliance govt. but modi has power like indira ji. so wait nd watch
modi might have spoken in malayalam, but dont worry mohanlal, youre still my main man in lungi
rt handle handle trust india trust modi hashtag
handle the best comes out of modi when he is on foreign soil.
rt radhekrishnanum modi ji has guts standing in islamic country and cursing taliban and terrorism. loved ithashtag
watched john oliver rip off evangelists and nw reading bhakts orgasming over modi speech on twitter. seems like a num part mvi to me nw.
listening live our hashtag sir
rt handle pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin url via url
handle modi and subtlecome nowemoticon
pm condemns the blast in bangkok hashtag hashtag
rt handle burnol moment for all modi haters
handle he just reiterated the failure of promise made by upa in num elections they just manufactured it as modi said it
namo takes a jibe at pakistan by emphasising the importance of discussion for conflict resolution hashtag
greatnamo fans everywhere
handle modi becoming like a cheer leader ha ha , ask him to wear bikini also. hashtag hashtag
mr. modi talks about having electricity units at all small villages. what about those where there are the units but no light hashtag
pm modi visit masdar city in uae also a round in driverless car sandeshnews url
my handle answer to is orop promise another political jumla (fake) by narendra modi creating frustration in veteran url
modi is the national proud, the pure definition of leaderhashtag modi
handle handle sir! you speak against modi at your own peril.
hashtag now indian muslims will put fatwa and term dubai as kafirs since it hosted modi
rt handle all rating agencies have ranked india among fastest growing economies of the world narendra modi
whats going on? marhaba namo num indians expected to attend firstofits url get leads > url
i am unable to understand why a hindu leader should visit a mosque, should a muslim leader too visit a temple? url
rt handle even these idiots, whose successive government undermined services, are showing concern for oropbesharam sale! https
rt handle india a land of opportunities pm narendra modi hashtag url
some ppl expect more in less time. their wish to gain more in less time is fulfilled by modi sir. hashtag hashtag handle
very funny abt hashtag nummonkey
crook versus crook here.
basically namo is playing this game we loved on orkut many years ago. url
hashtag handle will now say that modi went to uae only after tharoor tweeted why no muslim country?
narendra modi is a peoples pm. emoticon hashtag url
num.num lac crores investment from uae. hashtag hashtag handle ji you are the best leader india ever had.
rt handle well sonia won under modi govt hashtag case was just a joke url
rt handle pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister narendra modi, wi url
bharat mata ki jai is consistently that pm namo does all over; we have seen first time like this in our generations; url
handle shall namo lie that he inherited power with rose bed & bullish robust economy. shame on upa.
one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu url hashtag hashtag url
you handle is making all of us proud.
namo starts with bharat mata ki jay and people cheers back modi modi hashtag
now modis selfie storm. hashtag
handle handle why on earth hashtag want to cover a marketing gimmick in dubai stage managd by hashtag url
rt handle hashtag modi ji will be inaugurating num skill development centres across bihar handle handle handle ht
during the visit of modi, uae announced the building of a new hindu temple. gulf twitter lost the plot hashtag
shot a music video last week. linda appleby on pics. grace modi, model. allita steward, costume designer. url
rt handle modis foreign visits has always given us some important breakthroughs in each tour.but presstitutes n sickulars see his suits
cant stop my laugh url
namo= a great orator jai hind hashtag
if they did this in mumbai, police would have hauled them to thana, made them call their parents & fined re num url
rt handle debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. paks sphere of influence punctured
arnab will start that after he gets his salary from hashtag handle url
handle ive seen a few clips from the nums. a bit wilder than modi, full of passionenthu, but modis stress on words is amazing
handle what about gujarat terror ? gujarat terror is bailed out by modi
obamas reaction on modi jis speech hashtag url
i want to thank the rulers that they have backed indias candidature for a permanent seat in unsc pm modi in dubai url
main aaya maine kiya meri wajah se hua
rt handle i think modi and his confidence, style is sure to rub off on all indian leaders across the board industry, politics, sp
hashtag modi show indian power in uae
rt handle the poor indian worker who built the stadium that modi is speaking in is probably still slogging his butt off in a corner of d
modi in the gelff! rtp url
handle handle a thundering namo making pak isi generals piss in their pants hashtag
the only takeaway from modis independence day speech hes living in a gilded cage
i bow to all indians in hashtag pm hashtag
rt handle sorry and saddened to say that modi looks like some kind of baba going over the globe trying to convince people hes the
this is called hashtag.
the launch of national skill india mission by pm narendra modi url via handle
handle we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm modi url
where is fake actor which abuse hindu
this is expected in modis india.
hashtag modi may have achieved nothing! he touches the heart of every indian abroad and makes them feel proud indians. no pm did in num
dubai chanting hashtag hashtag wooohoooo handle you rock sir hashtag
modiji is the most handsome person i have ever seen hashtag hashtag url
rt handle indiauae joint statement carries a strong message against terrorism. its a clear hint to those who indulge in terror pm nar
made num,num people say bharat mata ki jai
pm narendra modi has arrived at the programme at the dubai cricket stadium. url
tom vaddakkan ji if modi ji can become biggest event manager why ur party cannot. the answer u know well
handle handle east or west modi and india is the best
btw bohra and ahmedi muslims arent considered islamic enough to wahabi sunni standards emoticon url
modi govt. to simplify num labour laws url
for every statement of mr modi the sheikhs replied wallah wallah hashtag
hashtag modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb url url
so while modi ji was having bonhomie with sheikhs in dubai today, friend adani was signing a billion $$+ deal with ommen chandy in hashtag
rt handle hashtag trending worldwide proud to be an indian we are lucky to have pm like modi url
handle handle and namo opponents wishing journalists & tv panelists become mps. only route to capture power.
rt handle going by twitter,if mr.bachchans followers are many more than mr.modi is he the real face of india more than mr.modi?
u r doing wonders in international field
rt handle hashtag at last modi has proved he is secular. he is equally adept at begging from christian & muslim countries
handle handle great comment dear, mr modi is the last hope
handle pms historic abudhabi rton land gifted,pm modiour secular govt should make architectural marveltemple,gurudwara,church&mosque
handle handle handle but actually modi by his feku actions proved it that poverty is state of mind
modi is babur of today.
rt handle in num years, narendra modi first indian prime minister to visit uae url hashtag url
hahahaawesome handle url
maximum number of speeches and maximum duration of speeches!
reaction of kejriwal after knowing that modis speech is finished url
rt handle hashtag hashtag menu by handle
marhaba namo num,num indians attend the mega event at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url url
handle hats off modi ji
so much genuine affection is unprecedented for an indian politico, that too in an alien country, namo namo! hashtag
rs num.num lac crore invt is fine, but when modi will visit mosque in india.
the stage performance is far better than the other venues of modis extravaganza show.handle handle handle
selfie queen, travel enthusiast, millennial daughterinlaw narendra modi.
handle namo will get you a girlfriend dont worry he promised achhe din
rt handle this is the largest number of connecting flights between any two countries narendra modi
rare guard of honor given to modi.
great turnout for modis speech. people are trying to get everything possible from their pm nothing else to expect
handle handle handlewt historical links r u talking abt ? modi has a history of mass killings of muslims in his country.
nothing cn beat d resonance of hashtag on arab land!
dubai cricket stadium has hosted
yes. fabulous. hindutava terrorism will be condemned just as islamist terrorism is. gooooo modi hashtag url
hashtag we will surely welcome modi when he returns tomorrow with arrested dawood in tow.
handle modi if we think contemporary
what a speech modi ji salute
handle plz let me know how can i attend the bay area gathering of sfo i want to see mr modi kindly help
good terror, bad terror, this wont work num quotes from pm speech a frenzied crowd chanted modi, modi as th url
hashtag hashtag pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi url hashtag hashtag
hashtag handle give pride to each indian voter by telling that greeting of modi is greeting to every indian, not to single person
rt handle modi gets num.numl cr investment from uae.
modi speech de rhe hai ya footballcricket ka match live dikha rhe hai
big crowd for modi in hashtag . the indianess all over is unique
announce nummillion bounty on narendar modi hashtag url
he means mini hashtag ? hashtag handle handle url
modi in temple communal
pm modis speech in dubai is over. now brace for the tamasha of indian lionization at our tv channels.
you are looking always victory sri narendra modi url
watching modi sir live from dubai.
i endorse sh. narendra modi , pm,s thankfulness to the govt of uae for alloting land for hindu temple
for sure couples are gonna use the modi pictures from uae as example shots for their wedding photographers.
rt handle aug num modi attacks manmohan for pak loc firing on num crore indians
why [ask foreigners] to make in india, and then subject them to the sort of treatment meted out to nestle? url
. there must be jitters in pakistan
modi now wants us to give up lpg subsidy! hashtag
only purpose of modis rock shows is to troll political pundits who wrote him off. lol!
sorry this is cheap url
rt handle every passing day under namo, the fake pseudosecularism built over num decades by con+ is being dismantled brickbybrick. hashtag
even modi reads and deliver speech hashtag handle handle handle handle handle url
handle if modi can do an obl on dawood, hed be a real rockstar politician overnight
look at all those mallus in dubai cheering for modi ji.
rt handle even the modi hatersbaiters cant deny the goodwill hes generating. whethr they can appreciate him or not remains the quest
i liked a handle video from handle url narendra modi in uae
handle he always does this rtd
rt handle pm narendra modi to leave for delhi, shortly. hashtag
jay ho jaya he namo lovingly wins dubai by sandstorm whoa grand spectacular special majestic magic
narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at
pm narendra modis push for startups encouraging industry business today
rt handle good news for lgbt activists in the country. looks like mr. modi is warming up to the idea. url
modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment narendra modi talked about investment climate in india as bot url
welcome to twitter. lets see the android modi to android marshmallow tweet for the thousand time.
hitting hard on terrorism. namos magnetic power will definitely attract huge development in coming days hashtag hashtag
is that really a bad thing modi haters
modi aaj bihar elec. campaigning kr ra hai
the enforcement directorate (ed) is of the vi
rt handle modis ministry lied in court told numk children missing since num instead of numk. fined numk by court. red fort speec
will modi have the guts to talk abt cheaper air line tickets fro gulf nris? tackle real issues any fool can take selfie
it doesnt take num minutes to reach nepal, but took a pm num years to visit that country modi
namo haters are gonna have sleepless and restless night tonight. hashtag
handle hashtag chants welcome pm handle hashtag
android m is not modi but next will be narendra pakka.
rt handle amount of criticism modi receives from journalists is just huge. and yet *he* is dictatorial.
handle the indian media would have danced around the crater and said modi did it himself emoticon
n modi is a good actor
sir you look alike modi sir handle
when pm modi doesnt visit a mosque, accuse him of communalismintolerance; and when he does, opportunism.
hashtag cheap cheaper cheapest pm modihe insults india in foreign soil
rt handle handle handle handle lol, inc . perception is ias is stalling, & modi n
rt handle dubai stadium the only cricket stadium across the world, that will be remembered for hashtag innings. hashtag hashtag
handle or perhaps they want modi govt to go soft on national herald case damadgate probe other cases wherein congis are accused.
india please watch handle now u can see the ground reality muslim who r living in since num yr praising namo
rt handle please stop politics over our muslim friends!
modihandle feeling great awsm croud
uae wont oblige in reality.
handle how are you modi sir
know more about masdar in this video url
rt handle hashtag lol. factual errors url url
finally the man himself the num n nly mr modi our beloved prim minister hashtag url
rt handle if all hashtag are allowed to vote, hashtag will win for next num elections. such is the charm and impact of this man.
modi rocks in dubai, true indian strength showcased in stadium, outstanding speech
traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill url url
rt handle seen earlier talks extend over luncheon banqt in honour of pm hashtag by hh sheikh mohd bin zayed al nahyan (mea) http
handle what will u do if modi doesnt do anything substantial for ap by the end of num (as u mentioned in recent past)
can someone tell mr. modi, that election campaign is over and hes been elected pm. what is this bs in dubai?
handle so modi belongs to bjp onlyemoticon
inc fatwa muslims who attend modis speeches are not muslims anymore
rt handle very aptly put across url
modi in dubai live dubai cricket stadium nearly full url
rt handle our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbouring countrie
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin url hashtag hashtag
rt handle when you are out of your wits and dont know what to say
hashtag suddenly all news chanels switch num modi speech dubai. but looking so very glum, no comparison us discourseto nris. isit ill omen bjp
rt handle why is the wall street journal convinced that handle hashtag is working? url hashtag hashtag hashtag
he did it to help modi, no? he is a senior bjp leader. url
hashtag modi, nominated for nobel piece prize for his efforts to solve problem by manipulating data & falsehoods.
rt handle modi can count to infinity twice. hashtag
modi = (numcarore supported people)
handle it must be a proud moment. i feel envy of you i too could be there. modi modi modi.
ha. ha. ha. that moment when script hoes wrong! url
rt handle num yrs ago uae diplomats refused to meet modi
all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to anybody, says modi
handle ohh my god, you had to stay awake just to get your bit on modi. sleep man, we know you anyway hate modi, no need to stay awake
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modis speech ndtv url
chants of modi modi fill the atmosphere at dubai stadium
handle this is only effect of modi ji, no other government had make it possible to get land for temple in uae,
uae wouldnt have given a tiny rats ass if owaisi had visited, but when a hindu nationalist modi visits he is greeted by hashtag
mt handle everyone (pakistan) has an expiry date. someone (namos bharath) is just hastening those dates.
handle pm modi greets people of kerala.
handle handle numpmmodi has left for the stadium
handle handle im from a defence family! very inciting posts calling modi names,glee that even in dubai ppl supporting veterans !
handle we should build such a noise that modi takes notice in dubai. if its false, anyway no harm
rt handle .handle sir, this is not rumor but sarcasm rtp
modis hashtag speech begins. frenzy, as always. hashtag
sonia & mmss reactions url
we reject it sagarikha and r
handle lets have namo speeches instead of tnum matches then! will pour $$$ into india as modi tours gulf countries to expand ties!
handle pm invokes pride in india. not because of modi, he says, but bcoz of num cr ppl. hashtag hashtag
handle lalith modiis not to make pointpoint to indian politics
rt handle one of our reader sends this on the way to the hashtag speech in dubai url
u are performer modi ji \ url
rt handle only handle has courage to say this in muslim country hashtag url
handle handle handle doesnt attendance at a dargah in ahmedabad count? url url
rt handle stfu! at least you are not eligible to talk on this issue.u were in power for all these days and did nothing. hashtag https
and the chant starts modi modi. dr br shetty was nervous hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag hashtag expert in making dialouge but poor in action
bangla desh conflict is resolved by mms,modi is claiming his credit.he always try to denigrate earlier pms of the nation in sponsored trips.
pm modi attends roundtable meeting with business leaders at masdar city
+ the answer to num question will decide modis fate did he deliver on his promises? atleast some promises that matter to the common man?
how r u feeling handle ? hashtag hashtag url
hashtag proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai hashtag
aap volunteers has the power to form probably most stable govt (num)wait corrupt politicians abhi toh sheela haari hai ab modi ki baari hai
half the stadium is filled with our muslim fr
rt handle symbol of peace, piety, harmony and inclusiveness that are inherent to the faith of islam ~ modi hashtag url
do you have something, which brands underwear modi should wear?
did modis visit really lead to allocation of temple land in abu dhabi? url
rt handle rt handle in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect pupp
hashtag was mentioned separately
rt handle modi ji is openly talking against terrorism even in a muslim country, he cant talk so openly in india, liberals wil
hashtag moments emoticon handle modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament
fools from congress not able to digest modi success in dubai
they already did that by saying pm modi didnt maintain the dignity of the post by attacking congress hashtag
the enforcement direc url url
handle madam, modi is much more and beyond the celebrity or bollywood. and he is definitely the rockstar!
what to expect in hashtag speech at hashtag cricket stadium? spl coverage with wps sidhu of handle & handle handle num pm on.
indians enjoy his eloquence.
brace ur selves fr jumlas n nonsense
handle narendra modi is also a hardcore troller. trolling at its best hashtag
rt handle no matter how grave a problem is, the solution is always through dialogue narendra modi
congress said modi visited masjid because of bihar election what a ideology hashtag
people are biasedfor hashtag,crowd in hashtag is chanting hashtag.modiif hashtag goes there,they will chant hashtag pappu too,no big deal
handle handle dont compare modi ji with anyone
modi with uae prince , so close url
burn adarsh liberals burn url
only news channel to take back shot, saala baal pe focusva url
loved the way, mr. modi interacted with common man, a practice gracefully carried by the uae leadership. url
handle reason for modis tour url
amul the taste of india
dubai stadium num hr num mins before hashtag handle degrees. url
hashtag boasting of getting land for hindu temple in an islamic country has hashtag forgotten that he is pm of a secular country?
if modi believes in development and equality, why cant he start eating chicken. he is feku handle
modis popularity increasing its speed like ferrari.
rt handle modi is ashamed of everything, except what happened under his rule in num. hashtag
tonight, salman bhai will explain narendra modis speech. hashtag
rt handle awaiting for namo handle hashtag url
rt handle muslims fear rising tide of hindu nationalism in modis india url url
handle thanks for follow .india the best with modi ji.
handle you are like a chameleon. one eye on modi and the other on sagarika. will you also change colours at some point?
dr sreeram sundar chaulia dean jsia, will be analysing the regional impact of prime minister narendra modis visit url
in a rare gesture guard of honor.
they were mentioning about their own heartbundil ki aag! url
rt handle modi in uae numkarat gold dessert, indoarab mezzeh for numcourse feast url
rt handle thats simply amazing num.num lakh crore is too much & its a reply to those who use to criticize modis foreign trips! https
our neighbour afghanistan is passing through a tough time, and india is standing with it narendra modi
kids think namo is an cartoon character hashtag
rtwill send minister to try and find solutions to the problems being faced by some investors. send agriculter miniter to our villages too
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai at num.num pm url
pm hashtag is not trying to isolate pak but if they dont cooperate its up to them sk sharma, former diplomat
hate modi blindly will not workout among not only indians but also world wide.
rt handle .handle at his best. must read n i totally agree with him url
handle dont worry the exclusive hashtag circus will move to another country
handle handle handle do you know during godhara, modi just became cm a num months ago, how can yoi blame him?
dubai says marhaba narendra modi and promises num.num lakh crores of investments. well done united arab emirates! i url
pressitutes & jealous opposition aftr a month kahan hai development? ka
rt handle modi humare desh
rt handle good terrorism bad terrorism wont work anymore pm modi in dubai
his highness and all five brothers came to the airport to receive me, its a great honour narendra modi
can pm modi push his make in india in uae? url via handle
rt handle modi is a leader cum marketeer cum motivator cum executor cum visionary all encapsulated into num. hashtag handle lesso
gandhirkk url rt rvaidyanum software guys camechanged treatment in immigration counters
see how indian ex army officers cursing nerender modi url via handle
handle.narendra modi .narendra modi jigri dost. good night all friends. good morning all friends thank you.
num) uae backs indias permanent seat at unsc. emoticon hashtag
rt ndtv his highness was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi url
prime minister narendra modis linkedln profile is among the mo hashtag
india has $num trillion investment potential, says modi url url url
rt handle so nice to see this grand mother at the middle, shouting modi modi emoticon
live tv watch pm narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium shortly url hashtag url
this speech of modi is definitely way more aggressive than the one at madison square. hashtag
rt handle terrorism, uae investment in india, digs at pak key takeaways from pm modis dubai speech url url
obama admin argues against release of hunger striking hashtag detainee (via handle) url
media can whine all life whether what modi said is right or not. meanwhile pm modi stands tall and delivers the right. hashtag hashtag
handle seriouslymodi shd request saudi govt telecast handle s live analysis,while getting lashed rtp
handle you are making cong. jealous. as if congress has to speak only against any modi move
i think modis uae trip is becoming more of a charade. most public rallies are but this one is too close for comfort. hashtag
live now watch pm handle speech here. url url
why modi ji is treated like rkhi sawant,guys he is doing greatplease dont make controversies.
rt handle modimodi slogans, selfie all in sheikh jayad masjid. sickulars now left with hobsons choice! either praise hashtag o
al media but why gujarati thali?
handle handle patriotism the reason why today modi is respected in all countries. modi is a true patriotic. hashtag
modi touring more than most pop artists
hashtag pm handle mesmerised and hypnotised entire dubaiuae. everyone was cheering like possessed; only modi modi chant on lips
modi fooled people & now especially fooling bihari.bihar will teach him lesson,dont forget once patna was the capital of india
wtfno power in my native to watch modi ji speach live hashtag handle handle handle handle
rt handle people are excited as if modi ji is going to dance on al habibi wallah wallah after the speech.
super innocent face num in
rt handle namo starts with bharat mata ki jay and people cheers back modi modi hashtag
url sreeniv people like namo the orator but not namo the pm. timesnow
modi in uae numkarat gold dessert, indoarab mezzeh for numcourse feast url
pm modi loses his &hashtag;mental balance&hashtag; when he goes abroad, says congress yahoo news india url via handle
today even protestors humiliated? httpemoticon
handle handle handle handle his excellency mr.narendra modi with his highness sheikh mohammedgreat men with great vision.hashtag
handle keep abusing modi like this one day all il kick ushame on u
rt handle uae has supported indias demand for permanent membership to the un security council pm modi
rt handle narendra modis uae visit pm to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium today
why is hashtag bahu of pak living in uae? as good as pakistan? no? then why? url
any religion ever teaches terrorsm ? surelyno
rt handle special performance for modi ji in uae url
rt handle entrepreneurs give thumbs up to pm narendra modis startup india mission url
love to see whole india irrespective of cast, creed and religion supports modi! url
handle on what time modi sir will start his speech in dubai. please
fabulous work from prime minister modi.i would expect handle to congratulate the pm on what modi has achieved.jolly good show sir!
handle one more modi show
rahul gandhi reacting to the hashtag comment of modi ji hashtag url
pm modi people working here have contributed to boosting indias pride
handle handle handle handle handle url
modi visit to mosque in uae insignificant. itill b more meaningful if he visit mosque in india num support secularism url
nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai url
forgets these gems of corruption
hashtag modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate one url hashtag
handle handle headlines modi to visit australia again
this is another jumla sir
pm modi gave a clear signal to pakistan about terrorism indubai url url
dont know how many people in our country can write this figure also
rt if you love namo just like the nris in uae loves him ! hashtag url
rt handle uaes crown prince has agreed to give land for a temple, in times of terror and hate hashtag
hashtag (welcome hashtag) as we reach stadium hashtag url
handle. pm modi killed above three thousand muslims,destroyed so many masjid in gujarat riots num . but he enter in uae masjid
rt handle modi repeats his iday promise of giving electricity to all in num years. handle
rt handle tough to say if handle is modi or sakshi mp or neeranjan jyoti or giriraj mp. i feel he is a potent cocktail! me
hi patelvikas patelvikasnum, do u want to get free iphnumne num today? please check my binum. thx url
sergio ramos hashtag modi hashtag
on hashtag india has $num tn investment potential, modi tells uae business url get leads > url
rt handle modi managed to get land in abu dhabi for hindu temple, why not for a church why are indian christians being ignored?
rt handle can we simply let modi sena & swamy sena have a go at each other today? url
sitting on those empty chairs will be the blind aaptards who dont want to see modis charm )))
rt handle you cannot hear modi and not get inspired this is the leader that young india needs modi modi
handle handle lol. someone is butt hurt because of spam modis visit.
handle proud to be an indian. handle view has been changed towards india coz of num crore indians who chosen modi.
pm modi to announce special package for bihar? havent heard anything, says nitish via handle url
temp in dubai right now is num degree bt temp inside dubai stadium is double due to modi wavehandle hashtag
only a leader of modis stature can talk about terrorism in an islamic country.
handle handle handle no no u r right. was banned by usa for mass killing in gujarat. oh i forgot its not pakistan but modi jee.
sif cant be ignored. url
masters degree in political science, mr modi url . wasnt aware .
modi is just being cheesy in uae. i mean, really cheesy x num
there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi hashtag url
handle what a genius politician modi is!
handle did this tweet make you laugh ? if yes, would you consider rting it. url
any religon evr teaches terrorsm? surelyno
rt handle pm modi uae has promised to invest num.num lk cr in india
ps one of my friend received this as a part of paid campaign url
watching indian pm hashtag s speech in hashtag hashtag
today first time bjp spokesman handle was very good n cong spokesman was totally confused. modis mosque visit is not issue at all.
now it is getting serious can someone tell me how many nris r there?modi is targeting voters, may allow nri voting hashtag handle
handle isi ka chara yours dost ne khaya hai.modi ne nahi.this type of thinking made ur bihar sick in all respect .handle
vote on the poll best modi speech on url hashtag url via handle
rt handle hilarious speech by handle
kapoor was called by local organizers. more important issues to attack modi with
narendra modis uae visit pm to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium today url hashtag
modi in dubai congress feeling heat as pm modi on foreign soil
bachchan but haha! handle why they put abhishek bacchhn and sanjay dutts portrait on wall?to impress hashtag? url
modi doesnt forget to mention about development of hashtag hashtag. hope to see it working.
rt handle crowd screaming modi modi in mosque.
handle only pm modi can change the picture of india in five years.
hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi thanks uae govt, says it&hashtag;s a great step yahoo news india url via handle
num yrs silence for the experts who predicted that relationship with the middleeast would collapse if modi ever became the pm
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url hashtag hashtag
hashtag dubai gripped with namo magic. hashtag .
rt handle handle ppl mocking friends who litter in open.
rt handle modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism
rt handle brahma gets bombed at erawan temple in bangkok. are they going to blame pakistan and the isi hello! mr modi we are w
rt handle modi is the first hashtag pm who talks bad about former govts and his own countrymen like motherinlaw talks abt th
modi talking up good relations with all neighbors of india exceptpakistan hashtag
oyyyeee modi is in your country now! everybody is watching him live on tv
dubai stadium num hour before the event of pm modi num,num people registered for the event. url
handle blame modi in dubai for late tuning innow purani jeans gulaam with this gulaami rtp
rt handle terrorism good terrorism , bad terrorism good taliban bad taliban in gulf modi rooooocccks
an excellent speech in a convivial atmosphere url
all you need is trade what pm modi can learn from uae to improve indopak ties
rt handle pm modi greets people of kerala on the occasion of new year festival
handle you may be a fake colonel trying to forment trouble in india. you can be hauled for this. no anti modi media reported this.
previously the whole family watched the indian epics together. now everyone watches modi speeches together hashtag
prince yes yes modi promise! *wink* *wink*
rt handle num,num indians paid to see modi, a good sum of malayalees toobut modi would need a few more adanis to make mallus vote bjp
handle handle handle modi is great and hats off to abu dhabi
modi in dubai live vips start reaching venue; pm en route url
handle after modis visit may be some change comes in statistics
modi gave less than num bn$ to mongolia, brought num bn$ numm uae.
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag url vi
today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nations treasury pm modi vi
there is no deference in mandir or masjid, @ both places our creator live. url
handle pak already isolated from gulf sunni muslim countries after they refused to take part in yemen war. modi capitalising on it
rt handle modi & foreign policy into second innings, investors demand delivery
rt handle pm modi says have defined border with bangladesh for the numst time since independence hashtag
please mention hashtag sponsored hashtag url
as u know they are pessimist ,now they are complaining ,topi nahi pehne,
handle its modis fake policy responsible! here also on border everyday soldiers die, farmers committing suicides, inflation soaring
handle abu djhabis land for mandir was alloted during upas regime in num why is modi taking the credit
hashtag everything knows url
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
handle are you watching modi in uae? whos the female anchor? shes gorgeous no?
rtindia gets it by num. then what?
rt handle interesting that sanghi & bhakt are fine w modi visiting mosque but sickulars are jumping up & down! handle
all siculars espicially diggi raja must me sulking seeing tremendous response to modi in dubai. proud of namo destinys child.
wrong only and only he knows it url
why blame congress when adamant narendra modi cannot speak in the loksabha ? url , url
rt handle handle okay i love to watch news wen it cums to modiemoticon
also by the end of num he would have stolen num billion from india to bjps election
rt handle the day he will wish that he will make it happen, hate mongers like u will keep crying hashtag hashtag url
akhand bharat to ho ja
url after sachin sachin
rt handle few chairs empty at the extreme right. this is how unpopular handle is! hashtag url
modi in uae crowds gather ahead of indian pms dubai speech url
if the people who came to attend modis speech in dubai were to stand on top of one another itd make a tower taller than burj khalifa hashtag
to all those who chant namo namo url
modis uae visit pm to address hashtag diaspora today india, news url hashtag url
slogans narendra modi zindabad, vande matsram,bharat mata ki jai are heard from everywhere handle
pm modi people working here have contributed in increasing indias pride
handle and maroof sab still v had a good relation with them. strange bt true. modi is on world tour only and sad dat ppl lyk u spprt dis
handle handle i am sure this exchange is a blow to modi somehow.
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin url hashtag
handle modi ji doing great work for india
handle modi sir you are happy by welcome. but at border our indians are dying by bullet of pak do you care i am sorry if wrong
hashtag . after sh zayed mosque modi will make it to wailing wall in jerusalem with more lan.
modis speech without reference to his tea connection is as incomplete as tea without sugar.
modi is probably only the second person to believe so much in youth. first is abdul kalam, obviously. hashtag
handle thats because the entire asian community looks at hashtag as a leader. hashtag handle
modi misused hashtag soil,spit venom against pakistan.it was dr gargash threat materializing for not joining yemen war url
rt handle spotted many namo fans wearing namo t shirt in saffron color.slogans are heard from the gallery too
the terrorists modi just spoke of. url
modi says india and uae have decided to punish those involved in terroras if the earlier decision was something else emoticon hashtag
live uae agreed to invest num.num lakh crore in india modi
i like this scheme url
there is a difference bw powerful & popular or loveable leader.
handle right now the only person who is fretting. so much for all that fake propaganda against modi
can somebody design a modi topi just like nehru topi? hashtag hashtag hashtag
no doubt num crores of indians are source of power but unfortunately the power is not utilized nor there is clear pl url
handle and thats the bottomline, coz namo said so!
rt handle handle isnt modi govt trying to do expectation management.
open to meeting indias oil needs, says uae on pm modis trip hashtag url url
num. praise the audience, the xyz country.
i see a mini india in dubai, says pm modi prime minister narendra modi who is in uae for a twoday visit, is interacting with the in
hashtag in uae pm offers $num trillion investment to erase deficit of num years url hashtag
painting gifted by akbar sahem in uae depicting namo and his mother url
science is life says pm modi. right.
rt handle certain journalists do not have intellectual depth to discuss anything substantial about hashtag. they discuss modis
handle full on modi swagger.
hashtag first hashtag to meet hashtag workers in hashtag after num years
every hashtag should read this handle
num indians give standing ovation to uae for temple land prime minister narendra modi on monday got a cheer url
rt handle marhaba namo num indians expected to attend firstofits kind reception url via url
modi innings in one tweet. hashtag
if hashtag can get hashtag bck to hashtag during his tenure it will b the biggest coup hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
modis popularity has gone up at least num times in last num hours
modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment
rt handle dear rahul gandhi, modi is also using cheat sheet for his speechso what if he is reading something in malayalam
what a speech! what a crowed namo namohashtag
watching modis speech on dd news watching narendra modi
handle modi sir ppl voted u bcoz ur a strong leader but now silent on pak issue it doubts now sir pls take action on pakistan pls sr
cultural performances going on ahead of narendra modis arrival at hashtag hashtag community reception url
hashtag hashtag at hashtag public event to start at num pm ist url
indians can develop uae by their hard work but can not develop india itself duto modi like kammen leadership.
handle handle handle i think u are sure,running a modi speech ll give u more trp than ur newstoday at num hashtag dubai
handle temlple in saudi arabia history made modi theeee
hashtag extempore speech by modi ji. cornering pak in his speech
rt handle handle more than hashtag fanshaters are watching hashtag closely handle
modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment url modi talked about investment climate in india as both leaders delib
rt handle modi could have won any reality show had he participated hes more of a performer than pm. hashtag
joint statement between the united arab emirates and the republic of india
missed almost num years
rt handle i hope pm modis uae visit ends once and for all the topi politics that sickulars play in india. hashtag
rt handle why let facts come in the way of a good propaganda? url
where are pseudo seculars, adarsh liberals, corrupt media and vote bank politicians when muslims are chanting modi modi in dubai? emoticon
rt handle as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae in num years, here are num things he did first url via handle
handle raghu is not happy with rockstar tag going to modi handle
people who didnt clapped for modi speech in dubai stadium, those who are like me who dont understand basic hindi
there is absolutely no doubt that pm modi is still very popular, both in india and nris, but unfortunately same cant be said about his govt
pahuch jayegi, today url
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation url hashtag
but people around him photobomb
rt handle for second year in row, modi mum on foreign policy url
predictably, pm modis remonstration from pm modi about the pr hashtag
wow, modi is like that aunty i know in the family. keeps bragging about his foreign trips. hashtag
rt handle this is crazy! so much love for modi hashtag
we proud as a indian cos namo guide us hashtag
modi jee ko hashtag k lie jameen allocate hogi,i want to build temple,church & gurudwara at same premises hashtag url
good to see modi link communalism with terrorism. sadly there is an irony here but nonetheless good acknowledgment. url
rt aemoticon news abpnewstv i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i url
rt handle he is not the event manager tom, he is the event. url
what else is expected from him, modi doesnt that best when given a chance handle url
rt handle modi modiwhich pm commands this kind of euphoria in a foreign country. the peoples pm hashtag handle hashtag
congress be likeafter listening modi speech in dubai hashtag url
tweeples guessed it right , namo wished uae malayalees in their language.
rt handle i dont care if you like modi or not , but madarchodo he is our pm if you cant give respect than at least dont insult him.
rt handle akbar saheb, artist has created a series of num portraits of pm reflecting on his achievements
rt handle same here. url
world love namo hashtag
hblp modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb all india muslim personal law board (aimplemoticon to url
rt handle so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation hashtag url
modi is undoubtly the best pm till date \ hashtag
hashtag namo, sir, the reason that immigrant indians can make it in dubai and same indians cannot in india is tax terrorism.
handle handle handle congress really wants modi ji num stop talks sonia can call to talk url
handle handle handle handle handle handle rtuae supports indias permanent membership in unawesome modi ji.
with a crashing rupee,modi is a godsend for nirs and indians living abroad.
by seeing d large number of muslims who were present to hear modi sickulars of india need either of d two. lage raho. url
powerful and a very witty speech byhashtag in dubai.
rt handle are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai url hashtag url
singhbiswajeet url another visual proof, how rss organizing modi pr events overseasno mo url
doesnt get proper electricity
but modi believes otherwise! (num)
rt handle handle its juz amazing to c namo speaking. n look at the crowd, thr is no hindu or muslim, indians r thr with s
modi cites nagaland agreement as an example to get people taking to terror to come and talk. message to all insurgents in india
modi is following it already, with his own cronies n criminals.
rt handle rofl wait give some time to breathe url
handle modi has made the india to proud
hashtag pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast august num, num at numrtnumpm url hashtag hashtag hashtag
india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investment url via handle
handlehandle handle modi only vocal & his teammate jaitley is like p.chittambaram
does uae people stand for united arab of effete people? hashtag
such support num modi by ind muslims in dubai, realized its only msm n sickular leaders who turn hindumuslims against each other
rt handle whatever it is , you cant deny the fact that modi is a good speaker handle hashtag
ete oilseed output at fiveyear low poses challenge for pm narendra modi recent jumps in edible oil imports s url
rt handle does any religion ever teaches terrorsm ? surely no
modi covered up one and half hours of prime time on television
impressive words being spoken by modi. courage and honesty reflected in every line.
seems like hashtag is going to win next kerala election by his hashtag speech!
rt handle narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium ends
coz living conditions in own country pathetic.
rt handle handle true and i do not remember modi addressing president of india as his excellency. hashtag
rt handle reaction of nawaz sharif, after modi trolled pakistan standing in the heart of uae (their so called brother mulk)
hashtag excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where modi will address indian diaspora later hashtag
rt handle coz mrs patil never used her honble position to bring tie ups, jvs, mutual agreements and her pr never bothered. httpsemoticon
rt handle hashtag how you guys manage to contact culprits so easily. chota shakeel was on phone now handle met lalit modi tw
can only win you the seat of cm and eventually pm rtd url
mr modis visit to uae which was decided all of a sudden is a very intelligent move which should help the country url
colorfulfull of life.
handle. people arent their for any rock concert.the gathering around the world for him is the proof of trust modi has gained
modi ji wooing malayalis by having malayalam anchors .
india has been a victim of terrorism for num years pm modi hashtag
modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate url
there are so many flights would be the grammatically correct way of saying that. url
hashtag appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi the enforcement url hashtag hashtag
rt handle if modi gvt. keeps ppl deprived of their rights, whats wrg advani ji saying it tobe like emergency hashtag
the grand show for indians by mr. modi strongbondhashtag
stadium full crowds chanting modi modilive from stadium
rt handle i dont see any arab having a problem with modi ji not wearing a skull cap.
modi haters watch and listens his speech very carefully and then tweet feku bhai bina sunae hi tweet kar diya karo jab yeahe likhna hai
pm modi live from dubai cricket stadium
uae plans to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india, pm modi says. hashtag url
handle handle handle handle handle handle many innocent died in num but i will never say sorry coz i m modi
handle nopeadvani is no where compared to modi.
rt handle its over a year, the craze shdve come down, but it hasnt. unbroken chants of modimodi for people of all hues, amazing
unless wahabisalafi guys are on board it doesnt count url
some pseudoseculars still want modi to prove himself hashtag
need investment, trade on agenda.
ishaq dar open your eyes, do not just give dreams. see modi entry in uae;
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in url
newsnumonline crowd cheers jai as pm modi says, bharat mata ki; concludes his speech at dubai stadium url
modi has too many fans world wide hashtag
num rt dheerajgbc muslims of usaustraliacanadauae chanting modimodi & bldy sickulars congis & aapturds asses on fire.
hashtag pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
num. hashtag invested almost all resources in hashtag,ie contruction so wat u think thy so free num decide num own url
pakistan oops we thought modi visited bangkok.
such a huge crowd in dubai cricket stadium, cant say modi is giving speech or sachin tendulkar is batting.
rt handle url notice how uae is perpetuating the stereotype of north indian food as indian
love hashtag! never misses a chance to rub it in that hashtag got a ripped a new one last may.
news hour was shortened due to modis speech
what the monsoon session tells us about modi and indian politics if you heard or read the prime ministers in url
handle i am a proud indian.salute modi
gud trykeralites r so crazychants modi modi n ll vote num congcpim emoticon
url congii r jelous of modi popularity nd achivements as cm nd pm
even a katta sickular cant pick sentence in todays modi sppech. if he picked then heshe should be awarded bharat ratna. hashtag
pm modi reaches out to the expats of kerala on the beginning of new year, speaks in malayalam to greet them
after sachin, if anyone has pulled a crowd this way in india, its modi. hashtag hashtag
modi has new issue swach jal pahunchao abhiyan
zee, among others, is carrying live visuals of pm modi from dubai hashtag
that ek saal ke under har village mein light
hashtag crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united arab emirates has promis
diesel price reduced by rs num.num per litre
look at the atmosphere in hashtag ! mini india in dubai ! jai ho !
only modi cn talk abt terrorism in front of num,num ppl dat also in a muslim country
hashtag modi chanting all over.
rt handle tweets startng with though im a modi supporter should be banned. it generally means hey. dnt troll me for my idiotic t
rt handle when atal bihari vajpayee ji was he pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry p
handle im not a modi fan but really appreciate your tweets today. thank you from india.
the temple is a huge gift to the people of abu dhabi narendra modi
what a inspired speech hashtag great. proud of hashtag modi jai hind. thanks to hashtag for live telecast
he said toilet but those who tweeting from toilets only cant hear in sound of flush url
hashtag namo is now addressing biharis from uae. handle uncle should register a complaint with election commission of india emoticon
handle can modi be rahul dravid? i like him more emoticon
indias who work in gulf countries as labourers have greatly contributed to india pm modi in dubai. hashtag
vote on the poll is modis foreign visit helpful? on url hashtag url via handle
watch hashtag live in tv.
modi is next to none in connecting with people. his greetings to the malayali people proves just that! hashtag
over num flights from india come to uae every week but it has taken num years for an indian pm to get here pm modi in dubai hashtag
handle sir plz focus on developments which u ve done in ur tenure.modi n compny tryng to deviate u frm d main issue.
modi becomes first indian prime minister to visit the uae in num years
modi uae has agreed to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india congress dieisase jyada ka to hum scam karte the hashtag
whole stadium chanting modi modi in dubai. real bad day for congress and aaptards.
development has taken place under modis tenure?
man! hashtag got swag. a temple in uae? that is some serious political diplomacy.
just watching marhaba namo
ppl waited for num hrs in dubai just to see pm modi this is amazing! whats influence this man has! hashtag
rt handle we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and make in indiathere are many opportunities pm modi url
hashtag is a genuine effort. if destiny is war world shouldnt blame us for pakistan less planet. url
rt handle another credit modi steals frm upa url
fascist modi spreading hinduism by talking about rakhi festival in arab land. hashtag
modi haters are suffocating. all their escape routes are closing in on them
narendra modiji want to say one thing. that indias politics in india. in other countriesnum
alas so called congress pm candidate could see it and ponder
stop no listening to cong seculars & handle handle @
modi should insure citizen safety in india.
pride as an indian? asks hashtag in hashtag address url
handle handle problem is people are not able to look beyond modi defend karo bhai attack baad meinnow you will say num years!
rt handle not a single tv channel hashtag wud tell u that supreme court found aap advt are against its directive
handle handle pappu also has the same energy for watching chota bheem num. can namo beat him ?
handle modi continues to inspire indians, inside and outside india. disbelieving him is disbelieving strong india.
handle raga will vote for modi in num. rtp haha
handle handle handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num m odi. (modi)
handle grnum namo jai ho indian leaders r conceited, for vote how much they stoop down no limit
damn! this is funny url
modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential assam tribune url
modi ji is still acting like an rss member. he must understand that he is now a pm of india
congratulations for new achievement in uae by pm shri narendra modi
none of the islam followers offered topi to hashtag both respected eath others faith, n dats secularism not tokenism preached by liberals
rt handle media and critics of aap, plz note. this is difference between aap govt and bjp govt! url
hahahah idiots who dont understand what the pms office really is are making fun of hashtag foreign trips. hashtag hashtag
rt handle eat words? rt handle oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm rightno need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter. @
rt handle modi talking to nris in the uae on freedom ah. this and all too over.
rt handle after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help differently abled people url
hashtag has no right to talk about talibans it is pakistan & afghanistans matter not indias. url
modis popularity has gone up at least num times in last num hours. he is a magician.
rt handle for kind information namo will address indian community at dubai at num.num pm ist please be alert to watch on dd
handle narender modi ji, i face many difficulties and modi ji, i am god.
hashtag hashtag artists dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero modi url
handle handle handle thats modi and he is elected by heart and with love!
falling flat on their faces
handle handle pm modi at the door steps of islamic countries, the most hated community in his lifetime.
never know he may be capable of doing that as well )emoticon hashtag url
handle unlike namo. he is too perfect for this. i feel this is a fake letter.
hashtag modi mention on rajive gandhi, perhaps the first time. after rajive gandhi, none visited srilanka
pm modi rides selfdriving car in masdar, worlds first zerocarbon city url
rt handle handle handle hehewe all remember that tirade against modi and bjp for falling short of their promises.
gay for modis oratory skills tbh
insulting to defence forces
electrifying atmosphere aka madison sq!
handle handle handle is modi and hindu terrorist involved ? handle says yes. wat u say hashtag
hashtag assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord url
emiratesnum are giving every bit of news about modi, its actually very itritating now.
handle amid chants of modi, modi pm hashtag says hes overwhelmed by the love dubai has given him url
they out of screen but not reach spectator
modiji sweeping people with his charisma, dynamic personality, absolute charm! we are so proud of you pm modi.
hashtag this is hashtag magic.thank u hashtag hashtag d true global leader handle url
handle handle ds man frighting of modi s success.i want to ask y he not attended parliament.y he condemned terrorist attacks.
pm handle meets hashtag pm; discusses trade, investment url url
thank god, he didnt said bahrain is our neighbour!, like his previous mentions. url
handle just one question mr modi? when will u start killing muslims in dubai?
indeed his decision wil b voraciously awaited
for all those who were craving for modis views on terrorism. today is the day.
rt handle a tough fight against terrorism indouae joint resolution the world welcomes this namo initiative hashtag
handle instead of writing on bilateral relations, what modi eats is imp for you? shame.
if gujarat model was a bluff, dubai model of development is nightmare.
why does every news channels expect from modi to disclose his govt strategy on dawood.modi will never disclose it.wait for result patiently.
handle handle handle handle hashtag modi for that matter is the first leader after long without bothering to do sono?
lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals business standard news url
rt handle this speech of modi is as beautiful as tendulkars famous innings against australia in sharjah! hashtag handle handle
modi magic ongoing in all the news channels missing the daily debates on ndtv.
lalit modi controversy playing the gender card will weaken sushma swarajs case url
hashtag full on drama in dubai where were these theatrics in the independence speech url
handle unless you respect yourself no one else would do.message from india to world, hail modi ji for aliving bharat integrity.jai ho
hashtag modi has done rally for bihar election in dudai itself
narendra modi je pm hindustan tourring some foreign country for boosting developement work & to make powerfull hindustan. jai ho modi jee
rt handle you are those people who have worked hard and are working here for many years. at the same time you are enhancing indias pr
rt handle my dear namo friends, please follow handle national gen. secretory of bjp, hon. mp shri. bhupendar ji yadav url
we must proud to be an indian and the man who made us proud is the narendra modihandle handle
handle very good speech of modi ji he is true social reformer top global leader the best pm ever. superb speech hashtag
handle where was modi speaking on numth august?
handle have modi any word on vyapam? its fateful for country
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae times of india url
rt handle modi handshake leaves workers speechless
for sensible sane people they are indians! you can keep subdividing url
over num flights from india come to uae every week but it has taken num years for an indian pm to get here pm modi in dubai
hashtag this night when hashtag leaves dubai, people would feel someone dear from home has gone after gifting lot of hope and smiles.
modi is the best among all current politicians when it comes to deliver speech ,
modi ji started his speech with bharat mata ki jay. hashtag
the humongous reception i received is the respect to the indians in uae and whole country called india modi hashtag hashtag
rt handle rt if you love modi speeches only because the resulting jokes gets you rts.
another great article url
i liked a handle video url pm modi to address the indian community in dubai
rt uae agreed to invest num.num lakh crore in india modi
rt handle are hashtag listening. a tight slap on congi rats who said who knows hashtag outside gujarat url
it seems that ketan mehta being a gujrati, trying impress mr. modi by showing mrs. indira gandhi a url
handle modi is a big hypocrite who remain quiet when his minister are indulge in corruption and then says ki ek bhi scam hua nhi
rt handle for all pakistani friends following me, pm modi is speaking live. watch here url
rt handle in india, num of the country is below num years of age. india is a young nation, says pm modi
wait! did modi actually say that when it rains in india ppl in uae open umbrella s
rt handle has modi forgotten that there is no election due in dubai?
pic by handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle waiting to listen congees reaction ye modi ki india se bulai bheed hai hashtag url
on lighter note no mention of desert storm num in modis speech? disappointed.
rt handle after hashtag, hashtag govt to launch hashtag to help physically challenged people url ht
its amazing that until handle mentioned, nobody noticed the fact that hashtag has avoided hashtag so far hashtag
rt handle nasamajh rtp handle modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board url
see this handle hashtag url
hashtag actually im not agnst modi sir infect im a fan of him.but its hurt me ayodhya me mandir w nai jab ki yeha lord ram ne birth h.
making num.num crore indians feel proud is nothing.
*the kid wakes up after num years*
numyr gap is to much we agree but we wish that modi g u could stay in india and shut the cry baby congress for a change hashtag
indias pm modi attending investors meet in uae
pseculars will keep cribbing!
orop exservice chiefs write to pm, ask to resolve the issue immediately url
handle modi from redfort goi saved num crores after num lakh people surrendered lpg subsidiary can anybody challenge his claim
modi knows how satisfy the ego of the prince in a non democratic country. url
pm modis visit to the uae day num url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments
atta boyneed gutsa clear heartno appeasement url
handle mr. modi is quite a master of representing india across the globe with his much valued statements.thank u sir. hashtag
rt handle handle yes undoubtedly mr. modi is the best!
handle talk modi govt. nihalchand type are more than num dozen there in a regional party like aap.
rt handle first time in indian history a gulf country has allotted a land to construct a hindu temple. its called namo effect o
they write what they paid for hashtag url
now vast improvement under namo so hashtag
rt handle hashtag hashtag modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim url
ndtv pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan url url
i am grateful that uae has supported indias bid for permanent seat in unsc narendra modi
rt handle crown prince of uae has decided to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india, says pm modi. hashtag
handle look a terrorist talking about terrorismhow stupid u r hashtag even google declared u a most stupid person ever on earth
[fist post] will nsalevel talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi url [india]
now modi has started hitting cong out of the ground in dubais stadium ! hashtag hashtag
als pm is such a pushover. where did th
rt handle at uae grand mosque, modi hails peace,harmony inherent in islam see more at url say that in india
handle handle except handle who was watching pogo even handle skipped dinner n watched modi and now having constipation
pm shri narendra modi taking india ahead to provide better quality life to its people. url
handle handle pm modi ji is the only one leader who address their own persons in foreign country, he remember malyali nav bharsh
pm modi to address the indian community in dubai url via handle
youth started loving politics by this great leader handle . love you modi
num days of silence to all experts who thought tht bilateral ties with d middle east wud take a hit if modi becomes the pm. hashtag
prince well allot land for temple
critics are awesomechutiye saale url
handle and those photoshopping saying with glee that this is how dubai greets modi!
rt handle handle seriouslymodi shd request saudi govt telecast handle s live analysis,while getting lashed rtp
prime minister of india narendra modi will be addressing the indian community in dubai in sometime httpemoticon
sigh. malayalam is the language. malayali is the people. url
dynamic leader one and only
but hashtag is trying to project modi visit ,reaching out to muslims
ha ha pakistan got trolled by pm modi hashtag
rt handle handle modi has a charismatic personality and his oratory skills r excellent which many world leaders dont hv what an
rt handle handle no whole stadium is filled with people exported from gujrat to cheer for modi. hashtag hashtag
there is a little bit of narendra modi in all of us. that bit which makes you feel your failure are others mistakes.
i dont denote bicycles.
what modi will bring back to india other than his showoff from uae.
y dnt somenum tell him we have external affairs minister for that.
rt handle i dont mind a nri becoming an mp. still more indian than gandy family dear handle url
its a proud moment when our hashtag is sung on foreign soil. hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle hashtag hashtag terrific response total fulltu with indians its grnum thing .
after donating whole gujarat to adani now turn of india hashtag
handle handle modi unlimited chest thumping & talking everything grnum abt him & rest all in history were useless ppl wont like
rt handle last i checked nris were still indian citizen who love india
rt handle slogans narendra modi zindabad, vande matsram,bharat mata ki jai are heard from everywhere handle
.handle at his best. must read n i totally agree with him url
handle cant u do normal journalism rather than passing judgement on modi.is this ur strategy to be in limelight
rt handle give a standing ovation to the crown prince of uae pm hashtag url url
handle handle handle handle then what is the point sir i said event will start at num.num pm onwards namo address thereafter
namo is almost doing ashwamedha yagna capturing hearts of country after country url
rt handle modiji luking very confident & relaxed than ever. god bless our namo. unbelievable crowd in the stadium! hashtag
rt handle handle handle let sonia n upa come to say modi ji we support you in stopping talks with pakistan. num https
rt handle crowd very enthused about musical performances so far. same troupe that performed for modi in germany. hashtag
the way the world looks at india has changed today pm hashtag url url
aftereffects of modi speech in dubai on hashtag
we r one world family emoticon
the last time a storm swept up the dubai landscape, it was sachins desert storm. modi recreating the same magic hashtag hashtag
rt handle lol. next hell visit pakistan as a conciliatory gesture to sakshi maharaj emoticon url
thats the amount congress swallowed with coal & numg. url
rt handle he (modi) is the greatest event manager that free india has ever seen tom vadakkan, congress hashtag
rt handle pm narendra modi is relishing trolling pakistan and secularists emoticon
rt handle madison moment in delhi! hashtag hashtag
why is modi so obsessed about ime myself all the time. does any statesman go on bragging about himself and denounces every body else?
rt handle happy that last month we spoke to these groups and asked to join the mainstream narendra modi
rt ndtv we have defined the border with bangladesh for the first time since independence pm modi url
rt handle but the leaders of uae were not angry. they showered me with love pm hashtag url
wonder how many modi hateing nris will use madad portal in time of need!
handle some more abuses will be hurled at modi by seculars & liberals of india. url more heartburns, more insomnia!
pm modi arrives. hashtag
i liked a handle video from handle url women scolding modi
more than numk people greet mr modi, among whom more than numk r indian muslims. a clear message to those dividing nation on religious lines.
handle handle at least use prefix pm before modi.
(ill be signing personalised apology notes for this on
rt handle modi is a true gujarati. asks you to gift your sister an insurance policy that costs num rs.
mr handle u wanted to see modis dum (power)watch out big daddy in dubaiseculars chanting modi modi,a crowd more than a cric match
we should have more ties with arab world. there is nothing great about pm modis visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque handle
i can only imagine how narendra modis mother must be feeling for seeing her son getting so much love from all over the world emoticon
waiting for hashtag. stadium filling up quickly. crowd excited. hashtag chants. handle handle url
hashtag handle handle handle its so amazing electric atmosphere in d stadium namo namo namo url
hashtag must watch.speech modi ji my prime minister like non other
practise for cultural event begins. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle modi is not visiting a mosque, he is visiting a mausoleum of d host country
handle if you will have constipation you will blame that too to modi
handle well done modi sir your speech was a fitting reply to the opponents
what a spectacular view . kudos everyone who trusts namo in this manner.hashtag hashtag hashtag url
darender modi exposed! url
dubai hosted num odi and num modi .
there is no good or bad terrorism why coming visit is planned for terrorist state of israel modi ji jawab chahiye. hashtag
the supreme leader roaring this will continue
modi spoke like a real world leader. brilliant speech hashtag
modi in uae pm visits sheikh zayed grand mosque, clicks selfie url via handle
num peoplerocking handlehandle modimodi rocksgress shocks
marhaba namo in hashtag num things you must know india, news url hashtag url
you love him or hate him,but you cant ignore him. as usual modi rocks ! hashtag hashtag
someone was saying more registrations than capacityfir seats kyu ni bhari url
rt handle if modi was going to let down orop protesters, he shouldve at least appealed to their honour url
pm modi says india full of opportunities with num of population below age of num hashtag
pm modi acknowledges the bluecollared indian community, meets with over num workers
rt handle indians in the uae are saying that hashtag in abu dhabi is extraordinary outcome of modis diplomacy url
handle modi is doing a bashannn in dubai and these are my friend died on num august shame media url
rt handle handle handle handle but i guess tht was frm an individual. .just see if govt has given lndor same land mod
pm modi condemns blast in hashtag , expressed condolences to the families of peoples who lost their lives.
advance mey booking handle an important part of pm modis visit is nabbing dawood.
modi talks about saarc satellite. will give services to saarc countries free of cost. handle
pm modi i am so much concerned for every indian (sikulars) that on my own i have ordered a burnol tank with next oil shipment hashtag
rt handle manmohan singh ji had guts to face the opposition but mr modi who bragged about his numinch chest is running away from fa
handle the day all of us respect our own pm and not find unnecessary faults to gain tweet fav. hashtag hashtag
handle handle the stature of indians and nris has gone skyracketing
but still, modi should have said sorry for num while giving his speech at dubai if he believes in equality manish tewari
modi is cleaning congress mess. so if he says congress and mms did shitty job, take it in stride. hashtag
rt handle give a standing ovation to the crown prince of uae pm modi tells people at dubai cricket stadium url
no thats not a cheering for sachin in a cricket stadium, thats narendra damordas modi! hashtag
rt handle what a great personality of our pm handle .we indians are proud of hashtag. url
get close bros,i need likes on my fb?
handle the trick is that modi appears like a peoples pm. nawaz on the other hand appears very western.
rt handle hashtag modimodimodi echoing all over the groundits nt due to nums&nums of cricket match its cz namo is hitting
rt handle hashtag modi gulf countries were ahead in helping india
hashtag hashtag hashtag tectonic shift with pm handle visit start of a new dawn
hashtag cricket stadium has hosted num odis will now forever boast of num hashtag. url
all nris can have evotes in indian elections. is namo going to announce it in hashtag event?
rt handle a traditional dance from kerala mohiniattam keeps audience engaged ahead of narendra modis arrival hashtag httpemoticon
modi one day international at dubai url
where are morons (political pundits in modis lingo) who said modi will grapple with foreign policy? hashtag
newly married men url
handle handle the tamasha of modi n his lies will unmask him unless he gets swamy on his rt side
numrtpm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan url prime minister narendra modi will an
rt handle around the world in num years namo hashtag
rt url imverma rt sonaliranade now why wud you want num fdi in rubber & coffee plantations? hashtag hashtag
pakistani piss in pants after modi speech. iam sure they will not sleep tonight hashtag
handle who are sickulars? even liam couldnt control his feelings after listening to modi? hashtag url
rt handle & indias gdp grew by num due to this propaganda. url
this is the largest number of connecting flights between any two countries narendra modi
on one side there is terrorism, and on the other abu dhabi has allocated land for a temple narendra modi
we have finally resolved the indobangladesh border issue on august num narendra modi
rt handle while channels are discussing strategic importance of pm modis visit to uae, nidhi razdan is venting her anger in ndtv out o
rt handle to counter modi visit in uae we request china to send invitation to our pm nawaz sharif for upcoming dog fest
rt handle with that speech by pm modi in dubai, pakistan felt as betrayed as their ex who is now in a relationship with his worst
handle hashtag ji rightly said in numth aug red fort speech that some ppl enjoy spreading negativity handle handle handle
rt ndtv responding to atal jis call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm modi in dubai url
handle hopefuly now sickular like u wont hate muslims after seeing ur, once banned modi by us, in hashtag ?
around num,num registered for speech at dubai cricket stadium that can se
indian pms historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which translates innum welcome namo handle url
amount of criticism modi receives from journalists is just huge. and yet *he* is dictatorial.
thats modi for you url
this is modi exposed a numth time and fools voted him and support him url
rt handle feel sorry for handle they electrified ~num.numl villages out of numl and now only few are left. marketing ability of modi woul
rt handle uae allots land for temple on pm narendra modis visit url
after uae, modi should now visit pope in vatican city in order to maintain secular fabric of the world hashtag
feel proud on you mr. pm namo
mr. narendra modi, if govt. saved num crore from lpg subsidy then num crore for hashtag isnt a big thing hashtag
this speech of modi reminded me of tendulkars famous innings against australia in sharjah! hashtag
vulgar display of indian charity by modi going on in dubai!
im bringing it up as an ex that every conflict can only be resolved through peaceful dialogue pm modi hashtag url
rt handle india is an old country but a young nation
modi ji has this number of fan in dubai too unbelievable
have you asked your mother how much she paid to your nakliunreal(spurious) father? url
hashtag hashtag now admit num things num)an indian pm can earn respect globally.num)the so called minority fear on modi is a media hoax
handle (not in himalaya)
second take away from todays speech. url
pm narendra modis independence day full speechnum url
have to give it to hashtag for his sense of engagement with the crowd. hashtag and hashtag. hashtag hashtag hashtag
i want to talk about nagalandwhatever the situation may be,the solution to everything is through dialogue pm modi url
really ! did ppl predicted this ? similar to the vow that if ever handle became pm one will leave india. url
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple handle url
modi licking it& loving it hashtag url
i wont stand under the sun, in august, in dubai for even maria sharapova or halwapuri. i salute guys who are waiting to attend modi speech
pm narendra modi visits hashtag city in hashtag. a green project that can blow your mind away. url
and even if he doesnt he is any day fucking better than these congress cry babies.
dear political leaders of keralahere is the university for unamo .learn from him
unless they say anything against modibjp. then we ask them to go to pakistan url
handle a renowned person like handle has to now rely on parody accounts. this is the desperation which modi generates
hashtag is a clown who is ridiculing himself everywhere like his poses in china. he is bound the fail on promises too url
handle handle two great stars pm modi, &chef sanjeev,hand in hand,nice
watching modis speech on dd news watching narendra modi live speech
modinaidu meeting fixed on august num prime minister narendra modi has responded positively to the sos sent b url
about the day,morning was okay nothing so special. evening just went off. but hashtag made it up for the whole day. he stole the show at d end
handle handle handle actually modi ji wrongly informed those umbrella holding kabayans are from north east!(i am not racist)
pm modis mosque diplomacy in uae; politics heating uppart num url
rt handle dubais magnetic power of development attracts people from all over the world to live here even num degrees ~ pm mod
pm narendra modi in abu dhabi choicest images prime minister narendra modis twoday visit to uae the economi url
this and only this will be the plank for num. mark it. url
rt handle modi kicking pakistan at their adopted cricket home groundwithout even playing against pakistan hashtag
nandannum url rt ddnewslive hashtag modi gulf countries were ahead in helping india
nitish accuses pm modi of misleading bihar on special status issue continuing his tirade against prime minist url
pm modi in uae india, uae agreed to set revised tgt of increasing trade by num in num years hashtag
hashtag congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments the congress party on url hashtag hashtag
all sickulars crying at one place after listening pm modi in dubai !
modi ji makes us proud (every indian); one day i will sure meet him hashtag hashtag
(these ppl are so badly hashtag url
rt handle amid chants of modi, modi pm hashtag says hes overwhelmed by the love dubai has given him url
hashtag cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm modis address to indian diaspora in dubai hashtag url
predicting future bjp leader after modi in the year num ram madhav
modi is again offering a peaceful hand to pakistan hashtag
rt handle pm modi speaks of kabuliwallah the character hashtag immortalised love any hashtag touch emoticon hashtag
rt handle url my guess, zee doing this for modi.
to cook sanjeev kapoor
rt handle he thinks modi who pocketed more than num of gujarat s budget in num years can being investment for india. haha url
rt handle pm modis visit to sheikh zayed mosque in uae will cause heartburn in various cubby holes in lutyens delhi
handle my num yrs old daughter watching your speech hashtag and saying mumma one day vil definitely meet modi ji. sir plz fullfil her
madison square moment in dubai
hell hold another iftar party jlt url
cc home ministry, defense ministry. more info, in case youre still struggling. url
but n can still be narendra
nepal, bhutan, india and bangladesh have set up a connectivity plan, and will soon extend to myanmar, indonesia modi
the more modi does such sick events showing his desperateness fr publicity to cover his failures
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi in dubai
rt handle rana ayyubs reaction after modi ji visited sheikh zayed mosque
handle handle handle handle modis presence eclipses all other events, may it be sport cinema sky or space. he is great
as our handle is not a criminal hashtag
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in a large number of uae residents have url
rt handle take a look at the cartoon in todays the hindu! url by handle hashtag url
rt handle handle west bengal had the same problem. thats why didi. i am no pro or anti modi. sad we dont have anyone anyw
what bhakt will say now?modi must be feeling the same way(while in the mosque) salman khan acted in bajrangi url
handle handle narendra modi is a peoples leader ! therefore the people will respect and admire him !
rt handle hashtag with namo, india arrives on the world scene, a luminous, radiant, positive nation out to reclaim its ancient gl
rt handle ha ha pakistan got trolled by pm modi hashtag
rt handle whatever hashtag said is factual on hashtag visit after numyr. it should not be criticised katju to handle on hashtag
brothers winning hearts
modi gets down to issues of overseas indians flags madad grievance project, indian commun url url
must the daughter of an indian journalist.
did i miss it or modi ji forgot to tweet about hashtag or hashtag?
handle in november modi is in vizag to announce the details of package. tour finalised. ap should not dominate bihar now. politics.
rt handle craze for namo has no bounds hashtag almost numhours before his speech crowds have gathered in scorching heat url
rt handle definition of terrorism at the un is long pending with the un narendra modi
dont know why modi is calledarrogant dictatorial always only seen him reach out to all guess sonia nd co were always worried abt his rise
exposed! perfct news nobody is abov law
from the temple in abu dhabi to the significant statement on terrorism, a range of issues were covered. hashtag url
handle my friend you are wrong. their god is hashtag so they call themselves hashtag handle url
another lie from pm modi that first time uae supports unsc seat. it was done in num, when pratibha patil visited uae url
mere a visit to a masjid will make a change of heart to modi either in india or some where else? url
rt handle pm handle to address marhaba namo event in hashtag shortly url
it is only the commies, liberals n congis whore spkng ill of him.
rt handle open to meeting indias oil needs, says uae on pm modis trip
rt handle hashtag is lifehashtag is nagging wife url
handle shut up kidlisten to modis speech in uae emoticon
this moron doesnt realize that nris are indian citizens they can even become pm. lol! url hashtag
rahul gandhi has no great future !
hashtag will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents cong to pm modi url
rt handle his insurance company refused to extend his cover to attend another modi event. url
hashtag modi saying terrorism is threat num da development of a country so what u did in godhra, killed so many r u not a threat num india
mallu ungles must be confused what is this modi talking
modi magic in dubai. mesmerising speech numk odd people listening nd applauding him. hashtag
rt handle when life and humor gives up on you url
rt handle because they are umbrella arab emirates? url
no standalone visit was made to sri lanka since rajiv gandhi was indian pm pm modi in du url url
modi leaves behind srt for performance in dubai. hashtag handle
url live hashtag watch pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi, url
modi talking about humanism and wiping tears. i need a drink.i need to get stoned. enough tears here cause of you, no need to go to jaffna
hashtag too has ditched hashtag, cm hashtag must admit hashtag
hashtag loving it hashtag
its modi cassette.which is repeated again in dubai.
handle new profession hashtag hashtag url
handle handle modi ne kitne kharche the? also num cr is for whole year.
the twosome handle handle who still stuck with gujarat lol url
rt handle i dont understand why these aap congress fellows act like they wet their undies every time namo gives a speech.
excerpts of pms remarks at the roundtable meeting with business leaders at masdar city hashtag hashtag
handle modi speech you heard?
handle handle handle handle handle daffer pl ask modi to give me num lacs only as loan i wl also pay interst
handle its not modis win its paks incompetent rulers. look at inhouse bak bak jhik jhik they hv nothing to do with pak. very sad emoticon
handle modi is pure gold than any other gold
this needs itch guard url
handle handle handle congress will say there were only num person nd not num present for modi speech in dubai stadium
^~^ live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi
rt handle thousands turn up for modis address at dubai cricket stadium. get live updates here url url
the truth is, while raul baba, sonia madam, inc, and aap are shitting on modi. hashtag is making moves. hashtag hashtag
many people have come a long way from terming terrorism as a policing issue pm modi handle
hashtag aaptarts shd undstd dt it will take atleat num generations for kejriwals to hv even num of capabilities of namo. so pl shut up
handle if modi represents num crore indiansu also represent num crore biharis
surely we are with humanism bt i thnk u should decide frst hashtag url url
now it narrowed to not attending iftar once modi will do that, prob will be, he isnt eating beaf handle url
num.num million to be exact url
hashtag the vote bank politicians in bihar must be peeing in their dhotis while watching the crowd supporting and chanting modi.
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle where is modis pic alfainkuu
kudos to people like you who value the services the soldiers do for this country under trying conditions. url
migrant workers in uae vulnerable to human rights abuses handle on hashtag url url
pm modi now talks about india bangladesh land boundary agreement. sabne milkar bida uthaya. handle
brilliant speech in uea but pls modi ji pls help sikh people & opportunity and my advice to rahul & and keji learn from modi
rt handle our insurance scheme is as affordable as rs num per month pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
num. sahanwash hussain
what a spectacular moment
rt handle handle u.a.e. ipl modi sarkar this pics shows my tweet on num april num handle url
pm modi is one of the most viewed ceos in india with over one million daily news & analysis url
extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modis image exongc economic times url
amazing head presence in uae is just another instance of modis popularity. hashtag
handle handle handle this is the love for narendra modi & the prime minister of india.
the media has given their verdict. rockstar modi in dubai. tail wagging
handle well winners do not do diff things dey do things diffrntlyupa intentn num visit url visit num favour india
is this a sly in handle url
maino will block winter session too
rt handle had a wonderful meeting with handle. we talked about several issues & agreed on need of stronger indiauae ties, tweets p
handle r u d same person who once asked modi to wear skull cap in his sadbhavna rally
pm narendra modis very very aggressive speech in dubai cvr news url via handle
is mr. modi solving an easy paper where his predecessor fails to do that?
rt handle hashtag there was nehru & manmohan who used to address indians in english language and then there is modi who spea
rt handle in the stadium there are num people per inch of modis num inches. this mans charisma is numnd to none. hashtag
leave us all, modi is the biggest sanghi troll
dubai stadium, where pak cricket team plays their home games is now witnessing an epic gathring, people shouting modi, modi hashtag
nbanews lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit modi and a red corner notice may soon be issued
quality of a leader. lion roars! url
its a full house at the international cricket stadium for pm modi. hashtag url
what do you mean by what? when modi speaks, logic quits.
handle there is no replacement of modi in india as of now.so love him or hate him but he l be handle for another num years.
rt handle handle subramaniam swamy is opportunist nd he didnt get any position so outraging on modi right now nd as usual
rt handle modi is a rocking star, amazingly watching the crowd in dubai cricket stadium
friend sent me this pic. electrifying atmosphere, thousands waiting outside. modi modi chants all over. hashtag url
anybody heard of the tectonic shift in strategic balance after modi ji ended his historic tour of mongolia? no? me neither.
handle too quick assessment of the situation.wait for modi s visit to israel.palestinian issue is the jugular for gcc and mena.
handle hashtag to talk up hashtag and trade as namo comes visiting from num sources
lies of pm namo. this looks like gurgaon. url
latest pm narendra modi took another jibe on former prime ministers url
nris will be voting in num, yeah rtd url
handle is dis anothr hit jobusualy hapns wen modi z outside
im totally speechless on modis take at uae today. hes way too amazing. blown awayyyyyyyy
hashtag seen houseful for the first time hashtag hashtag
rt handle the world sees india in a different way now.this change is not because of me but its bcos of d citizens of our country mo
rt handle its a houseful ! dubai cricket stadium resounding with modimodiincredible atmosphere. hashtag hashtag url
rt handle if modi continues like this, all the burnol will be bought by congress very soon. hashtag
hashtag woos hashtag; offers $num trillion opportunities url
its devolpment modi. dubai rock s withhandle. hashtag
is salman khans hashtag driving message home and changing things for mr hashtag url
pm modi thankful to the uae govt for their decision to allot land in order to build a temple in abu dhabi.this is a great step.hashtag
handle handle modi will lick anyones ass for money
handle congress was busy in looting modi is busy in rebuilding indiahashtag
rt handle et commentary pm modis independence day speech exhibits a disturbing distance from reality url handle
handle modi ji is the best.
jam packed stadium to listen to pm modi ji hashtag url
narendra modi highlights indias humanitarian role in nepal ,when earthquake jolted the country
rt handle pm hashtag violence will not do good to anyone. hashtag
ache din ya no ache din, modis popularity never seems to go anytime soon hashtag
picnum no bullet proof box for namo
url notice how uae is perpetuating the stereotype of north indian food as indian
though you are modi haters,congis, aaptards definitely u are watching hashtag carefully than bhakts bcoz u need something to tweet
handle handle handle good modi ji i slut u
amazing speech by mr. narender modi abu dhabi. hats off to you
handle handle what talk about cricket rather than money money hashtag. will he do selfi ego? he always does!
pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium. over num,num inside the stadium
shri suresh prabhu ji, minister for railways, govt of india, shri narendra modi ji, prime minis url via handle
when hashtag was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm hashtag
rt handle modi talks of mandir in abu dhabi. crowd cheers. handle
as always excellent speech by our pm handle ji. one of the best speeches. hashtag hashtag hashtag
apparently congs demand that modi should immediately implement orop is justified. cong claims that they have url
modi in hashtag hashtag timings extended url
those who say that modi has done nothing in num year.
rt ndtv this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm modi in dubai url
up to his usual tricks, how can the selfie pm hashtag not indulge ? url
pm modi addressing huge crowd in dubai wow what a great moment hashtag
handle btw modi once said countries will come to give india seat. y now he so cares and run and ask for d seat. hekri gaaiii?
handle handle tom vadakan of congress on times now calls pm modi an event manager. why will this fr call sonia gandhi?
no one match modi following
gandhis got relief in herald scam much like modi got relief in num riots
dubai is all set for namo url url
rt handle no umbrella at my home though, to be honest. url
handle handle our indian muslim brothers
here is air india num coming in from abu dhabi url
rt handle and this is why hashtag received outstanding welcome beyond all the protocol vivek katju to handle in hashtag
rt handle live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi prime minister narendra modi took to stage at t url
spread hate where people are forced to come to make a living cause of people like you hashtag hashtag hashtag url
pm modi urges uae to invest inindia url url
tomorrow modi will say i m numst pm of india. then bhakts will say yes yes. bnum u all were idiots.
mr. modi knows the mantra how to catch the attention of the audience. he is doing well internationally. he has grt. popularity in the world
handle modi in kannada is charm. with his charm offensive modiji is conquering the world.
rt handle modi said all the things in uae that are forbidden to say in india and forbidden by indian media
rt handle arnab is praising modino endstonight any other opinion on modi does not matter now hashtag
handle modi haters really hate self but dont hav guts to accept their flawed mind.lost in pure perversion handle
what a speech given by hashtag in uae
modi in dubai congress slams pm for foreign attack url
and someone said narendra modi has no influence outside gujarat hashtag hashtag url
uae smart city masdar inspires pm narendra modi to say science islifetvnum url
modi jee will address huge crowd in uae.
rt handle how modi govt plans to enable the differently abled url
special performance for modi ji in uae url
handle congratulations miss nagaland emoticon modi ji specially mentions north east in dubai.
handle handle handle handle madisson moment for pm narendra modi in dubai chant hashtag respect in islam
but my bank customers asking for schemes of numth february emoticon url
handle modi gets nri status as he is out of india for more than num days
i think all the nris will feel that they are in india even if its for num day if there is community reception by modi
rt handle she blocks any n all who she thinks are modi supporters or anti cong either which way see. she is dead scared url
handle handle handle bjp and modi are hit due to this only. there marketing team and information team is v smart
rt handle so truethere is no good or bad hashtagno, what do u say chai wala modi url
indias modi visits uae labour camp, underscores concern over worker welfare reuters uk hashtag url
except hashtag hashtag & congis all citizens in each corner of world, praying to b blessed with a leader like namo
can someone suggest me a world leader thats more active than modi hashtag
pm modi thanks uae for supporting indias candidature for permanent membership of un security council
rt handle the bollywood tone of the speech cannot be understated samajhne wale samajh jayenge (in reference to terrorism). get th
handle a terrorist hashtag tackling terrorismwhat a jokehahahahahaha
hashtag first time i could witness the speech of any pm of india with so much confidence & authority! every reason to salute namo.
modi implies india capital starved. no. infact we are capital surplus but growth inefficient. what is modi selling? hope not family silver
i dont care if you like modi or not , but madarchodo he is our pm if you cant give respect than at least dont insult him.
hashtag pm modi is one of the most viewed ceos in india with over one million followers linkedin url hashtag hashtag
bhakts not replying antimodi tweets!
khoon ka rang kafi hai in lieu of passport when it comes to punchlines modi trumps even salman khan.
hashtag pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic url
rt handle hashtag pm hashtag visits mosque in hashtag who refuses iftar or a skull cap offered in hashtag doublegame twofaces hashtag
watched & listened to the whole speech hashtag delivered at hashtag cricket stadium. i really admire hashtag but felt todays speech was below par.
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
even people from cold parts of india want to and enjoy working in num degrees heat of dubai pm modi. hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle indian msm focussing on news other than namos dubai visit. means the visit is going great and favorable to india.
dtn india time for decisive battle against terrorism pm narendra modi pitching for a decisive battle ag url
handle handle the way our parliament democracy has been working fr last few weeks is known to whole world! u cant hide behind modi
rt handle i think modis rally in hashtag is becoming more of a charade. most public rallies are but this one is too close for comfort.
the dismal state of indian labourers in uae had modi really worried pm modi who is in the united arab emirate url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united arab emir url
second face of modi on islam
handle neither nehru nor indira would have been able to match hashtag. (yes, am that old.) as for hashtag? well, thats another story.
pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat
handle handle handle excellent mashallah ! hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle handle an anti version too. libs commonly say. though im not a modi fan while conceding a point. it means dont u
case referred to dr.handle for further investigation. url
last portion of namos speech was brought to you by lamo.
rt handle i believe swami vivekanands dream num make bharat vishwa guru will be fulfilled by namo definitely. handle handle
too much of hatred. point of views can be debated, but not hatred. how can a chaiwalah become pm ! url
handle handle pre event pics post event include
hashtag it facts hashtag ty url
prince hv to work hard to shout from cheat sheet by hiding it)) url
rt handle bhai you know how to rub salt on wounds rtd rtd url
coffins of bodies of jawans of this country? rpn singh, congress url via handle modi aur garima ? kya mazaq hai ?
drink a shot whenever handle says bhaiyon aur beheno during his hashtag speech in dubai!
how many temples has handle visited, how many times has he sported tilak url
rt handle namo is not a persona phenomena representing nearly num years of rss work it will take some more years to sink in))
handle tehalka can not do anything than speak against modi. u can not see positivity in such pplthey r deshdrohi.
rt handle hashtag hashtag indians rushed to hear modi
handle handle believe me hashtag omg dare not play with hashtag handle num num long , he is a tough cookie
but can modi score a century against australia at sharjah?
pls dont forget this promise mr. prime minister hashtag handle url
handle url wah wah.modi.indiagreatconecting world
rt handle rss ditched advani after he visited jinnah shrine. this time modi visiting grand mosque at uae. does rss know?
rt handle responding to atal jis call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm modi live update url
handle handle why no hashtag bear hug ?
weirdest pic of modi. cant stop laughing ! hashtag url
trolling terror hashtag right from their so called safe haven thats namo hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle .handle pentagon explores alternatives to hashtag, including fort leavenworth & charleston url
video pm modi meets vicepresident & url via url
rofl she blocks anyone praising pm modi url
congies watch what is happening in dubai, audience has not been transported by modi from india. modi is true peoples pm. accept reality.
rt handle i express my heartfelt gratitude to uaes crown prince who has agreed to give a piece of land for a hindu temple in abu dhabi
hi again handle ,please do not tell me that they are asking modi to wear skull cap! hashtag hashtag url
lmpe narendra modi clears indias terrorism stand in uae joint statement the countries call for bringing perp url
impressive minute to minute reporting by handle of hashtag url
namotrue son of india
connectivity, num.numlac crore investment, landfortemple. more than happy to see him win everywhere hashtag&words hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle pls watch on dd url
rt handle modi gives speeches in australia, us, dubai, everywhere but parliament! he will surely give msg a run for his money! rtp hashtag
handle modi just spoke a few lines in malayalam. and the crowd roared back in glee. hope the commies are listening. emoticon hashtag
pm modi insisted that india should be given permanent membership in un sec council
num hrs before modi gives his big speechlike whaaat hashtag url
rt handle modis people connect is next to none
rt handle handle namo rocks wherever the spirit of india lives,be it any country of the world.his aura really revives nationalist fe
rt handle and handle should tweet about his relationship with ed boss and how they helped jignesh shah in nsel scam httpsemoticon
hashtag burnol moment for hashtag hashtagmodihaters url
hashtag ji peoples pm
what do you mean dear? namo is our next pm and again the next one is also mamo.any doubts about it? url
handle the caption is a quote by indian pm modi saying dubai celebrated num indian election results. the pic mocks that claim.
allow mandated hashtag time pls url
rt handle those who voted for modi, num of total, do feel they have acche din hashtag url
the gist of modis speech is that india is coming out of slumber with the escape velocity of jupiter. hashtag hashtag hashtag
no kid, i dont hate modi. its just pure fun making a mockery or say insulting his abominable stunts. not worthy of hate.
today vande nataram in uae
i liked a handle video url mahatma gandhi vs narendra modi independence day special
after america modis rocks it in dubai too.
url rt rvaidyanum numk capacity of stadium num k registered sure authorities will take care of orderemoticon hashtag in hashtag
handle modi wearing hashtag
in only num days an investment of num.num lakh crores and jitters, shock and a strong msg to pak and dawood, only namo can do it.
i am grateful that uae has supported indias bid for permanent seat in unsc narendra modi hashtag
what modi said about rajdeep hashtag url
good to see those brewing in their own stew.
listening to pm modi live from dubai handle
after modi becoming pm.of india .he visited num countries. uae is num th country. modi move on world diplomacy.jai modi
i hope m in hashtag doesnt turn out to be modi hashtag
if youre still not done wid that
land for temple was already donated in num. looks like, modi tried to fool the people yet again hashtag url
rt handle modi is num years ahead of his times he celebrated numyears of independence in sep num hashtag url
hashtag pm modi addresses num,num indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united url
kudos to department of disability affairs and social justice
sometime you seems too smart fekuji url
rt handle sealed govt opposition num hashtag release is abt inconsistency btw stated goal num close hashtag & steps (not) taken to t
if modi continues like this, all the burnol will be bought by congress very soon. hashtag
indias modi faces tough afghan choices (url url url
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle rt if you feel manmohan singh was a sensible & better pm than narendra modi
rt handle watch live pm narendra modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
pm modi enthralls an entire cricket stadium full of people in dubai. amazing! url
foundation pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url
modi dupes liberals of turning secular by visiting mosque. but gets more land to build temple n promote hindutva. typical
mr. kulkarni u please go and do daily namaz for ur sickularism. namo dont need ur cheap suggestions.
firstpostlive modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadiumfirstpostprime minister narendra modi url
rt handle sheikh we have too much oil.
handle i am protege of pm.n.modi.feeling very jubiliant has numthoudands gathered indians at cricket stadim
handle namo craze temp num degree.yet num minutes to open gate of stadium. url
if dr. kalam is peoples president, our shri narendra modi is peoples prime minister, the real indian having grass root knowledge.
rt handle uae has violated all possible rules under international blasphemy law in these two days.modi has succeeded in implementing
rt dna appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi url
live thousands turn up for pm modis address to indians at dubai cricket s url hashtag
only our pm hashtag url
handle are you watching namo in dubai?
namo always true to principles. sacrificing hair by intentionally balding just to avoid having white top on head. true patriot. hashtag
rt handle another stellar performance from namojijai namojai bharat uae friendship! url
ed proves again a lap dog of ajcongress.thisll definitely discredit modis assurance to the public on ccorruption url
if congress wants to even come close to modi they have to speak as effectively as modi does hashtag
the largest gathering on foreign land to welcome nonreligious leader
handle are you gifting one to modi?
marhaba namo num,num indians attend the mega event at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
every week over num flights come to dubai from india narendra modi
rt handle handle well u did hang modi everyday on u newspapers and tv channels for last num yers.now get ready to feel the h
rt handle thats a great idea. cc handle url
rt handle hashtag everyone agrees india is among worlds fastest growing economy narendra modi
rt handle people dressed up in tricolour to cheer for modi url
exam reform doesnt need parl. wy doesnt handle do something abt it asks handle. times running out. url
this presstitue with porki connection, s rear on fire url
marhaba modi hashtag forward together
rt handle pm modi currently in this form hashtag url
rt handle handle handle handle handle madisson moment for pm narendra modi in dubai chant hashtag r
bhai ye modi bada fenku hai
handle here also our pm modi got the patent it seems for his selfies
modi sips water on stage
u want some other religion temples to be made now url
handle most successful abroad visit in most unlikely countryuae will have a temple and will invest num.num lakh crsnamo to sucess
specially for handle handle handle handle handle enjoy ! hashtag url
handle modiji has notched up so many firsts, im sure the farmers killing themselves feel proud while doing it.
rt handle hashtag i am witnessing a mini india in dubai handle url
rt handle rt if you love namo just like the nris in uae loves him ! hashtag url
that applause showed the amount of keralites in front of hashtag now hashtag
rt handle more than num flights come to dubai every weekbut it took num year to an indian pm to come here. ~ pm modis speech in
rt handle modi mentions nuclear tests, negates conciliatory message to global muslims. hashtag handle handle
rt handle pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium. over num,num inside the stadium
kerala in pact with adani ports for rs num,num crore vizhinjam port project.why congress associates with modis friend? url
hashtag & warmth amongst ppl shows d popularity of modi & ppls confidence in indian govt.numst time india witnessing so much positivity.
it has already been an hour and ppl are as cheerful as they were in the beginningmodi maniahashtag
rt handle hashtag media is talking of mundane expectations from pm visit. i c indians, muslims included, pure love for mothe
rt handle hashtag pm modi warned citizens about the hidden & antinational agenda of antinational ngos. url
rt handle king sir what you want to eat?
what a reception for p.m modi in abudhabi simply unbelievable. jai hind hashtag
he even single time didnt see it
very true, morons of rss can only produce drama & jumla nothing substantial for the country url
rt handle with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list
hurts being this close to you
rt handle only bjp & pm modi can do great work for india
rt handle i dnt remember when was da last time i had waited whole day num watch sumthin on my tv. mst be called namomonia. handle
rt handle modi woos uae with $num trillion investments nagpur today nagpur newsnational. pm modi said his gover url
tomorow, it will be a great day num india. pm modi wil tour india. will sign mous with indian pm and land for mosque. historic. hashtag
nahyun do you want to be namo too
great, now if only modi can start doing this in his own country as well. great place to start. url
long, hot wait for those headed to see modi url
thunder sound of crowd hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle good comments on modi speech funny haa ha hashtag
best thing about narendra modi is that he has no villa in dubai so he spoke freely and ruthlessly emoticon
hashtag handle handle handle handle
rt handle pm modis visit to uae will enhance cooperation in energy& trade and promote india as an attractive destination for inves
watch the crowd. not only hindusbut nationalists. you are allergic to loyalty to india. we know. url
rt handle pm hashtag addressing the gathering at the indian community reception in dubai cricket stadium hashtag hashtag url
now it is getting serious. can someone tell me how many nris r there? modi is targeting voters, may allow nri voting handle handle
dear pseudo seculars and aaptards,
as hashtag becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are num other things he was the first to do url via handle
according to handle not a single person in this world knew about india beforeand after num years under modi everyone knowslol
. handle irony is laughing at modi emoticon
url hashtag pm modi jis rally tomorrow at numpm in bihar. hashtag
rt handle narendra modi bhaijaan
handle modi sir pls also condemn the ceasefire violation of pak which num civilians & jawans lost their lives modi sir u must speak
rt handle handle its a hashtag for congress & others url
rt handle as long as this modi govt is in power orop will never be granted to veterans.
stage is set for mr. modi
modi ji you are hope of indiamay you always rock sir
hashtag modi did not add any new friend to india but definitely losing russia!
watching narendra modis epoch speech in dubai stadium. num,num people have turned out to hear him.
handle if youre trying to make an implication that modi doesnt care about the people of india then your whole argument is bollocks
handle m for marshmallow and not m for modi acche din?
rt handle an honour and pleasure to cook for our pm narendra modi ji & other dignitaries
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae govern url
handle cries of modi! modi! modi! i thought that kind of reception was reserved for sachin! hashtag url
what modi sarkar did in num year, its accomplishments r inevitable and yet critics dont leave an opportunity to poke him.
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modis speech.
modi has accepted and denounced many things priornum elexns,num & did a volteface aftr elexns without any inhibition url
according to hashtag shekhar gupta, bangladesh and the middle eastern countries that modi visited previously url
there is a scheme in which a person has to deposit re num per month. that person will get rs num lakh insurance modi url
this is the strong reminder&warning num dawoods kingdom in his courtyard handle handle hashtag in dubai
uae is loving the modi flavour
just like hed wished that twitter support would reflect ground reality during ls election. url
rt handle trust india trust modi hashtag
rt handle modi has raised indian standards so high that ill probably say india india
handle handle modi visited many muslim countries before uae u sickulars just want to criticize modi
rt handle all sickulars crying at one place after listening pm modi in dubai !
dubai completely hashtag hashtag url
hashtag hashtag are all watching modis speech with huge stocks of burnols at their places. systematic demolition of credentials
pm hashtag addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium live url
rt handle joke of the day
handle can u at least acknowledge that our pm modi is loved immensely?
handle handle handle wanna ratkiller?
rt handle the fuck he is smoking url
rt handle i got the opportunity to visit sri lanka as pm and offer all assistance narendra modi
handle you call modi supporters bhakts, i salute your true bhakti of sonia gandhi. man you and so called journos like you are bhakts
u got scared of modi.
handle you are best may mp pm modi ji
congress, arnab and channel trio trying to gain lost ground. url
the joint statement on handling terrorism by indiauae is appreciating.namo is mastermind.he will definitely do it.
we all waiting narendra modi ji url
modi magic in dubai. amazing speech resonates with the nris. hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle best of num url
burnol moments for modi haters handle handle handle handle handle handle url
congress just does not realise how much indians n nris love n support modi
credit to modi. he is eating into arnab goswami time.
indian community in the uae waiting eagerly to see mr. narendra modi live.
rt handle well the truth is, nris needed a modi to feel proud of being an indian. hashtag hashtag
marhaba namo in dubai num things you must know url hashtag hashtag url
rt handle num,num inside the stadium and over num,num people outside stadium wait for an historic moment in uae hashtag hashtag
rt handle we proud as a indian cos namo guide us hashtag
reminds me of sydney speech. reckon bora community was the best, they danced, beating drums way after the speech. url
handle handle modi proved his man of words. no indian pm get this kind of welcome like this
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation url via handle
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb url url
.handle well arnab has only conceded that he is a modi chamcha
crown prince, we know today, who are you, through pm rte narendra bhai modi. thank you very much sir .
presence of muslim crowd in modis concert is a shoe hardly hit on face of our hashtag hashtag hashtag and hashtag burn bitches
rt handle be assured their wl be business news of adani from gulf in this week. his efficient business developement manager
rofl tweet of the day url
rt handle is modi already the most popular, most enthusing leader across the globe, ever?
bhakts r already fools https
hashtag let people say modi is travelling too much, yes its required. let some one question his intention, but we dont
modi modi modi chant everywhere
rt handle reaction of kejriwal after knowing that modis speech is finished url
rt handle im not surprised modi portraying himself as bjp prime minister. forget about india. he should have canvassed for biha
handle lol namo hurries wd ladies emoticon handle
rt handle worlds inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of de
genuine question. no political affiliation implied. no sarcasm.
rt handle hashtag remains legendary folk hero for hashtag as there is no hashtag abroad to distort truth
handle modi is pushing for num trillion.think big think gujrathi.
pm handle when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with num cr indians. handle
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle modi ji has the best body language to enthr
breaking modi wins kerala assembly. hashtag
handle from today i ll pray for a jugalbandi between sushma swaraj n namo,if it happens sm ll be paralyzed!
yes u r aaptards u guys & gals can do and say anything . nobody takes u seriously handle url
pm modi reaches out to the indian community in dubai, receives grand welcome url via handle
handle handle handle modi jee is leader of era. congress will face split soon.
handle there is lot of goodwill for namo abroad &india despite what ever opposition may say. he can use this to push forward
rt handle is this normal for uae? url
no way. hashtag & hashtag are blind to good things in hashtag. they can never appreciate anything good by hashtag url
sushma swaraj statement in parliament on lalit modi issue newsnum url
saudi+modi = love wins. url
rt handle those who underrated modis independence speech must be feeling ashamed after hearing todays speech.modi knows how to re
start up indian, stand up indian,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,youth indianjai ho url
rt handle faces of people in d crowd listening to modi s stupid speech gives an impression that they hv been forced to sit out thr
rt handle handle handle handle muslims and sickulers will never digest modi being the pm
if you want to know how chutiya someone is
handle will succeed despite congress creating roadblocks.handle will rule in delhi despite modi not liking him. good night.
.handle handle bohras world over a regular feature at modi events such as hashtag
but the leaders of uae were not angry. they showered me with love pm hashtag url
handle u also acting like modi
handle will cry now saying modi is trying to saffronise uaertp
handle in the current situation most indians do not have an alternative for modi even if he performs badly. this is a serious issue.
handle why ur heart is beating for modi? will u say a single word abt hindu ppls livng in pak and baloch handle
noooo sachiiinnnnn sacccccchhhhhiiinnn sacccccchhhhhiiinnn url
congress has become mentally bankrupt & always envy the visit of modi to overseas centres.
hh sheikh mohammed shahab has win my heart to provide the respect to our great prime minister sri danodhar das modi who is great human being
when the uae said there was going to be consequences against pakistan over yemen, they were not kidding hashtag hashtag url
hashtag hashtag live watch narendra modis speech in dubai indian prime minister, narendra modi, is expected to url
in num modi ji will say he has body like john abraham hashtag
hashtag rt madhuramanach in his dubai speech, modi highlights strong significance of recent signing of transport agreement between
handle handle uae allowed to build temple its muslims greatness does it happened in indian modi will allow for babri
rt handle campaigning for num through madad platform. nris to vote modi enmasse. cong out of race
handle even worse here url this ah has totally taken our countries honour to dogs
handle if modi wasnt there they all will be not knowing the need of toilet
marhaba namo num indians expected to attend firstofits kind url hashtag hashtag url
pm modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url
those people who still say modi hasnt done anything literally dont know how a completely devastated economy is brought back to life hashtag
modi explained abt indias schemes for development in all other countries he visited but in saudi his speech full of terrorism! any guess y?
while handle is locked in saudi jai, darinder modi has launched gazwa e arab, what will khalifa do now
handle modi z silent like a mummy.he z afraid that if he condemn pak.they will snap nsa talks. as some says his legs n tounge are shivering
good one emoticon url
every time i hear namo speak, i wonder how did we manage to survive numyrs of poor mms eloquence hashtag
pm modi terrorists should be given maximum possible punishment
u cant appreciate only producing negative feedback shameful url
rt handle will solve all the issues of nris in uae building a temple
congress disappointed with pm modis independence day speech url via handle
sydney to seattlemodi has come to change how we r treated globally respect rt
rt handle handle handle naturally congis and aaptards are very sad now a daysnamo knows where to hit
rt handle some people had some problems okay fine, we will go on without you modi refers to pakistans objectns on connectivity pro
num people irrespective of any religious prejudice, are waiting to see modi in uae.
shame on indians, congress and media for taking modis speech in the wrong sense. all his speeches are so damn true! hashtag
modi does concerts abroad to pay back corporates for lok sabha rto
quite a gathering, as usual.
rt handle modi ji ne uae main bhi cong ko kosne kaa kaam nahi choda. modi sir if u think tat you cant do anything with majority gov
handle now apart from peoples prime minister every indian has num inch ka seena. thank you prime minister modi. we love you
rt handle num population in uae are indian. and dont have strategic partnership, biggest chutiyapa ever. thnx namo ur real leader. hashtag
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi hashtag
i want to tell neighbouring countries that it is only through talks and discussions that problems can be solved modi url
handle handle isnt modi wearing a chooridar pajama?
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a twoday visit to the url
so according to mrsgandhi national anthems value depends on the person who sings it? url
one thing i learnt from the applause modi got indians are everywhere. hashtag
handle handle thankx dear modi hope u will come us with ur words each and every time
ndtv those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has reson url url
handle modi ji forget he is not in saarc countries hashtag handle
congress see he is doing for political benefit.
rt handle everytime modi ji makes a trip somewhere.
un is still not able to define terrorism narendra modi
look at bhaktsomebody needs to tells her that constant blabbering doesnt make a moron into statesman url
india uae relations improved by mr. modi hashtag
rt handle worlds inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of
choredesai url rt vbsinghnum ed closes nh case. where are modi bhakts who used to criticise me for tweeting truth? ha
rt handle handle contiue
did you ever imagine that yoy will hear chants of bharat mata ki jai in dubai. modi haters start hating india in the process of hating him
rt handle pm narendra modi on indouae joint statement denouncing terrorism url
therefore need intensive concern, congress.
i will not be surprised if shri narendra modi ji will be nominated & even win the nobel prize for peace due to url
hashtag pm narendramodi takes veiled swipe at hashtag over hashtag url url
handle modi sir hope u reach d msg that today sonia& rahul gets clean chit by ed in national herald case modi sir lets cm clr num ppl
ndtv people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. track live updates here url url
incredible atmosphere. packed stadium. less than num hour to go before modi speech.beautiful indian culture on display url
despite huge malayalee diaspora in uae no malayalam channel covering the namo event at dubai as yet. still telecasting brothel politics.sad
is there a single dept of central and state govts which has escaped the corruption agenda of modi and his looters hashtag
rt handle people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. track live updates here url url
handle handle handle morons listening closely num wht namo is speaking. hats offf num u num making thm hear. jai hind
rt handle even people from cold parts of india want to and enjoy working in num degrees heat of dubai pm modi. hashtag
modi talking pak terror in uae indians pakis livingworking peacefully as friends in uae this is not maddison hashtag
rt handle handle modi sarkar sud hand their head in shame as his actions hv led to most disciplined ppl to sit on fast unto death.
rt handle when did this happen? url
rt handle im bringing it up as an ex that every conflict can only be resolved through peaceful dialogue pm modi hashtag htt
mr modi doesnt hav anything to say except jumlas hashtag
yeah it takes num months to work on excel sheet . approach handle for help on hashtag . liars all
pm modi says more indians travel to & from uae than any other country hashtag
modi in dubai trust between uae and india will last for generations url
rt handle is it possible for pm modi to isolate pakistan not just in the global community but among the islamic nations as well? ge
handle mr. modi did a good job. i hope he will check the widespread hatred towards muslims and christian in homeland.
pm modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential prime minister narendra modi on monday made url
rt handle you love him or hate him,but you cant ignore him. as usual modi rocks ! hashtag hashtag
congis & hashtag are squealing like rats ,stung wenvy & modi s deft political touch. modi does not to bakwas but he does the business
rt handle handle if modi ji shifts then india will get their beef
[about to meet the kardashians]
handle handle handle good on you mr kohl to come on ndtv to give mouth full num anti modi journalist of this channel who r sold out
after seeing this picture, can you talk that modi is not for favour of muslim. only misunderstanding in muslims. url
rt handle go die you fools at handle handle handle
pakis are scared one day namo will make the saudi king do garba hashtag
two kinda jobs that modi has established as pm event management and translation. hashtag
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb
handle even if you are saying true modi can still get away by saying so because no one noticed our mms visiting those places
modi freek in shit u appose nt to give azan in india nd u request from saudi muslims for temple. u beggar uneducated rapist
handle after tendulakr storm dubai must have cheered this the mostmodi modi
abu dhabi temple land
its hashtag and all are tweeting about sachin tendulkar, sandstorm innings and sharjah cup.
innocent animal get to live one more day thanks to great namo hashtag hashtag url
i feel proud, when my friend says i know mr. modi url
the prime minister of india narendra modi will be addressing the indian community in sometime. url
incredible crowd chanting modi
rt handle numpm hashtag hashtag modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. with modi at side, uae nudges pak. wont tolerate terrorrelig
narendra modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium
people who says muslims oppose modi now what do u say huhh hashtag
watch handle explaining his rebel cricket system url
handle few ppl that r fed or feared or mad may buy tv versions of modi.do u support swaraj in her lalit scam?
rt handle rt today democracy is under threat in india . the attack by govt orders on retired defence personal has made me cr url
its my countrys pride url
love to watch hashtag monkey act circus at pm
what a speech by handle athashtag cricket stadium .proud to have a prime minister like sri narendra modi sir hashtag hashtag
pm greets the malayali community at the start of chingam
handle giriraj singh said if our prime minister was modi we wud hav reached lahore on death of soldiers while rule of upa in j&k
rt handle every time congress tries to dig a grave for narendra modi
handle modi is our hero and dubai is our friendwell done modi g
handle handle u can not imagine modis style of governance no pm had ever thought of meeting nri in mass meeting incredible.
handle handle modibaiters can cry hoarse but the fact is,handle is indias best export to the world&ppl are hungry for more
rt handle we gave num years to congress to destroy india. we can certainly give numyrs to modi to rebuild india. have patience hashtag
bhai phir chalu ho gaye. u cant resist anti modi bashing. its in your dna.
handle heh, yup. the pt modi drove home so well, raga will holiday in dubai next(!). bigger change is geopolitical shift just occurred.
rt handle bhaktas will still defend modi gvt. on hashtag and call it nationalism, its indeed a shame on the goverment & such people
hashtag change of leadership and change of direction. a true leadership shown by modi at home and abroad.
narendra modi is true rockstar and common man. one of the most popular leaders of world.
no comparisons please
apj kalam peoples president, narendra
& also not to indias development url
pleased indian pm narendra modi visited a mosque during his twoday trip to the uae. url
live indians in dubai have made us proud, pm tells crowd cheering modi, modi url
handle handle its written by modi so has to be his hand writing only. well, hopefully.
rt handle when i sold tea, i didnt even get one rupee per day narendra modi
handle apparently allotted during modis visit. no idea about the location and type of temple they would allow to be built.
pm modi good hashtag bad taliban wont work. are you with terrorism or without hashtag?
a gift of temple is a wonderful gesture from prince of uae .
are hashtag listening. a tight slap on congi rats who said who knows hashtag outside gujarat url
hashtag is lalit modi helping sahara sell its u.s. hotels? url url
so, num,num clap, whistle, chant modi in dubai cricket stadium, as pm plays to the gallery. speaks in malayalam, crowd cheers.handle
romans understood the importance of political theater, how else one justifies colosseo in india, so does modi. url
handle those who r criticising modi for visiting mosque r hashtag and congi handlers in hindu name handle handle handle
pm modi to inaugurate rs num,num cr road projs in bihar tomorrow
in india, num percent of the country is below num years of age. india is a young nation pm modi url
modi s image has lost a lot of stock value due to scams in d last num months.this exotic dubai extravaganza is planned to resurrect hashtag
yogeshkhandokar url rt timesnow pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at url
rt handle basic difference between a sevak & a shasak one earns for nation&the other one earns for family! proud of namo j
handle lol u pakistani ppl living in still num grow up dude its modi land by the way frm which terrorist group u are
rt handle pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
who the hell r you to decide what are pm wants or think ? stick with your limits aukatless women
modi visited mosque to get muslim votes in bihar. never visited jama masjid in delhi.
rt handle have discussed problem of school admissions with officials here narendra modi
rahul gandhi the waste of india.
hashtag hashtag rt shubhajitroy modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi
maybe there was no airspace for pms flight! ! url
insearchofguru url rt babubhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul g
handle just chill wakil shaband listen modi speech hashtag
after nepal earthquake, we immediately rushed to help our neighbour pm hashtag url url
rt handle good speech by pm handle
rt handle airlines redoing their loyalty programs tier stands as blue , silver , gold , platinum and modi emoticon
when the congress cries it feels that now the congress needs a burnol bcoz progress is being done by modi hashtag
rt handle every person coming to dubai stadium to see the most shameful item of indian history
there is an immediate potential for $num trillion investment in india, pm modi says in uae. tap for live updates via handle
rt handle this counter keeps increasing every time namo travels abroad!
are those num,num people more eager to listen to hashtag or the hashtag people back in here hashtag hashtag
doesnt modi feel one ounce of shame talking about terrorism in dubai, while completely disregarding exservicemen who fought terrorism?orop
handle handle handle handle handle i think its time we stop singing modi ji ki peeche kya hai ?
thx pm modi for helping us during water crisis even though millions of indians r living in same situation without clean water
kalaripayattu starts with suryanamaskar yoga in uae whoa only namo can do it. watch it live on narendramodi.in
lagta he modi ki dubai me rally thi
the french are perpetual! url
rt handle people who know about abu dhabi also know what a big step it is to provide land for an indian temple to be set up there pm m
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag url
oh and btw this was hashtag dinner tonight. he loves his gujarati delicacies, khichdi, kadhi and bhakri. url
rt handle modi my predecessors have left very good things for me to do
most of them love him, some hate them, but no body dare to ignore him, there is something special in him, thats modi effect hashtag
assam cm tarun gogoi seeks clarification from pm narendra modi on naga accord economic times url
handle gud sawaal madam! after num years of bjp rule( num of those by modi ji)
sad cong. backer handle was underwhelmed by modis iday speech. he was continuously overwhelmed by mms speeches between numemoticon
hashtag modi is really over speech, nothing happening in real life, hashtag
will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents congress to modi
finding nemo sold num million copies. latest blockbuster finding namo has raked num.num lakh crore in dubai alone. hashtag
rt handle num lakh people gave up lpg subsidy. rs num subsidy per cylinder per month, amount comes to num cr yearly. modi said num
rt handle indian pms historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which translates innum welcome namo handle httpemoticon
imagine if pappu has to deliver such a speech, how many cheat sheets he will have to carry? hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm modi says uae & india have decided to punish those who indulge in terror hashtag
rt handle google lists modi as the most stupid pm.
hashtag speech was well.but if pm modi refuse to develop the investment into fruitful outcome then well suffer.huge investment by uae
hashtag handle none of the gandhis received such a support, anywhere in the world. such is namos aura and future of india
rt handle handle hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now, hd streaming] url
only hashtag can do this hashtag in hashtag and around the world with his vision and commitment hashtag hashtag hashtag
bhai lets leave few things to god . url
even my num yrs old nephew easily recognizes modi on tv url
num. beginning of the end of the terrorism dawood is one part of it, url
handle handle i really feel proud of you modi uncle ,to follow dignity in uae as well is mass pleasing? good work done?
toasty for modis speech writer post url
rt handle the pm in his num.num hour independence day speech, shri modi did not speak a word on cross border terrorism handle url
the mega show of modi
handle handle handle appreciates modi ji event manager for the show. money is spent like water but picture is good.
best bjp candidate for bihar cm
modi in uae numkarat gold dessert, indoarab mezzeh for numcourse feast
i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next num yrs pm hashtag url url
this is tight slap on pakistan, no mercy for spreading terrorism, now no money to pursue it. only modi can do this hashtag hashtag
the indian government cannot miss the bigger picture. url hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
modi visit builds momentum for indiauae ties, economy minister says url url
rt handle hereby modi ji declared the all time top scorer in dubai international cricket stadium. hashtag
handle handle handle amazing to note all news channels showcasing modi speech. no debate no notice today!
photoshoppd bhakts create hoax, again! http
modi making bold statements on terrorism in muslim countries needs num inch ka seena! hashtag
dubai cricket stadium has hosted num odis and now num modi.
handle handle very wel said but do u realise u r running d risk of being called a moron num comparing modi with these three.
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium, shortly. hashtag url via aninews
deshbakts hv turned the term into a mockery by blasphemy for the numst time since independencemanhandling veterans url
modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness on hashtag
a very significant joint statement in dubai very creditable for the pm modi !
group of hired people boarded the same flight along with modi and same people are chanting modi modi now in cricket staduim hashtag
hashtag url pm modi takes veiled attack at pakistan over terrorism at url
pm narendra modi condemns bangkok bomb blast outside hindu temple has been published on
if all hashtag are allowed to vote, hashtag will win for next num elections. such is the charm and impact of this man.
me jb chai bechta tha tb num rs b nai milta thaa very humble statement by hnbl pm modi.dis shows his dwn num earth personality
rt handle time to ask straight question. what is with madam that handle still hesitates to take her full on? url
handle ,modi be wishing u were not here, not becos ur religion but cos ur sustained venom. handle handle handle
india honest lalu and nitish no match for secular and development image of modi url
they want a assured buyer who can bail them out
so nice to see this grand mother at the middle, shouting modi modi emoticon
two birds with one stone did pm modi go to abu dhabi mosque with an eye on bihar polls? bhutan and banglades url
rt handle exipl chief lalit modi making deals to sell sahara chief hashtag hotels in us url url
jduvikash url rt aninews pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in du url
rt handle live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium prime minister narendra modi is going to addr url
handle handle namo is a man with a vision you need visions to do something others were
handle handle handle handle handle up with numg and num modi
pm flies all the way to uae to get indian food. url
modi is like apple maps, designed by the best but still doesnt work!
south australia extends support to pm modis pet project of clean ganga
rt handle bohris are known to support narendra modi. bohris are the richest gujarati muslim clan in india. they own lots of businesses
rt handle num sachin tendulkar
no more use of dubai as a base by terrorists like dawood. pm modi incredible.
modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential url hashtag hashtag
though he should continue to hate muslims of his own country. url
hashtag modi got forty five lakh crore inr
zee cinema pe big brother chal rahi hai. if u r done with modi s tareef of yourself rtd
hashtag not only continues to belittle hashtag outside india, but has even started doing to neighbours like nepal & maldives hashtag
now this means something. url
interesting if true handle modi narrows down repub. day chief guest choice to cameron, lofven, hollande url
handle whats wrong with ufa its pak who betrayed, modi didnt do a shermal sheikh whr congi pm sold our interest handle
i had the opportunity to go to jaffna to address peoples problems there pm modi url
but still cant match atal bihari vajpayee
rt handle obviously modi is not doing some mindmelding, we must be giving something in return. right? right?
crowd of almost num to hear modi jimoment of proud feelingcountdown begins
rt handle we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm narendra modi hashtag http
thousands turn up for modis address at dubai cricket stadium. get live updates here url url
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple times of india url
pm modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential url hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle govt of india has launched an emigrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi hashtag url
u.s., india leaders meet to improve cybersecurity cooperation ahead of obama, modi meeting next month url
okayleadership , orator , visioneverything is fine with modibut where are the actions indias development really need
handle beshaq pak, china role in afghanistan n india wastege of billions on afghan shows the clear frustration of mad modi
yea toh susma swaraj jee ki dialog thi, is he stolen it?hashtag url
handle handle handle handle comedy with modi url
handle handle well why would muslim, xtian diaspora wanna attend modi speech. they are num there iirc
rt handle first major reform by modi govt. url
handle handle handle handle masked media anti india growth scuttling naxals petrified b namo url
uae sheikh has decided to allot land for building a hindu temple i thought its a biggest achievement of indian diplomacy hashtag
handle indian performers at dubai cricket stadium during pm modi visit misuse of section numa url
my dream is to arrange numxnum electricity in every nook n corner of d country, says pm modi while adressing a mssive indian crown in uae
good government in india modimodi is a world most important prime ministermodi is a best p.m
handle respected indias p.m. mr.narendra modi,make in india yu yureka plus big issue phone,launch redmi note num,devlop younger youth.
modi is guilty of every imagined transgression across the country
rt handle pm modi is a rockstar
after pm modis visit, uae to allot land for building a temple in abu dhabi for the indian community
visit url live telecast started
rt handle ye modi har desh me drama karvata hai. modi modi shouts are typically orchestrated by his pr team everyone knows. url
thats simply amazing num.num lakh crore is too much & its a reply to those who use to criticize modis foreign trips! url
thank you emoticon modi ji rocks
rt handle pm narendra modi blames past legacy of slow growth; congress sees red url url
east or west, modi ji is the best
handle in true sense first time india got a prime minister in the form of narendra modi.
hashtag will prove to be more popular in hashtag than in hashtag,it is my personal take url
this is num hr before hashtag speech! url
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae in num years, here are num things he did first url
rt handle hashtag hashtag in hashtag num things you must know
so heres d next modi strategy; counter pakistans terrorism by garnering support on international level & believe u me he can & will
rt handle modi govts ed find no violation under fema and pmla against sonia and rahul gandhi in national herald case. reports
rt handle the indian community in dubai says marhaba (welcome) namo with a grand welcome hashtag
rt handle handle are you in india i heard u left india after modi winning
hashtag speech in dubai was a comedy and for indians in india it is a tragedy hashtag were thrown but indians in dubai unaware hashtag
rt url sinivdev rt ddnewslive pm hashtag modi an atmosphere of trust has been established during my visit
modi uae visit planned months ago. fine job by ajit doval for coordinating raw & mossad to corner dawood ibrahim url
handle i agree. but in this case the fervor, magnanimity & namos presence made it even more special ))
num hashtag about our hashtag hashtag that every hashtag should know url handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm modis dubai speech key highlights url
after listening to modi speech bhakts will be getting orgasms ,will aaptards will be getting constipation.
so modi jis speech is going to start with vande matram.
rt handle hashtag will never wear headgear to fool ppl. hashtag url
again handle slapped anti modi media and people during his uae visit. great leader doing everything for the nation. hashtag
handle modi look too much energetic today emoticon
crowd cheering modi modi !
narendra modi thinks hashtag. not know if he also thinks arts is death.
rt handle wt modi can do is make false promises,b silent whn questioned, talk too much whn the is no need befool ind public & do world
is modi still not secular? rto hashtag url
hashtag modi speaking at dubai cricket stadium. thats pakistan cricket teams home ground. hashtag
modi visited a grand mosque. wrote in visitors book.
pm modi uses dubai speech to send out strong message against terrorism
modi kicking pakistans ass in their socalled home ground.
handle dont worry riots wont happen and if they do let modi handle it, he reduced riots which went on num months to zero handle
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says modi.
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. handle handle handle handle
nostradamus prediction about india ruling the world once again under a powerful. leader, perhaps prophesied about namo.
ndtv the crown prince has promised an investment of num.num lakh crores in india pm modi url url
one of the best orator i have ever heard hashtag hashtag
rt handle uae has supported indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi hashtag url
uae but took num years for a pm to visit in
kejriwal sarkar going to rehabilitate beggar kids.
rt handle thank you modi ji for appreciating aap govt. handle handle handle handle handle url
handle handle handle elf mabrook to his highness and pm modi. allah maak. al ham do lila.
fervently hoping modi ends speech by shouting with arms spread wide lets riot!
hot singles in your area are busy captioning modis uae pictures.
rt handle u mean non returning indiansthen who will finance pm rockstar events url
today also few nri are mps non responsible indians url
ek latthi do saap url
from pti mines ministry to notify guidelines after consultations with pm modi
watching sir narendra modi speech live from dubai
modi should beam this speech in numd to pakistan. hashtag
pm modi taking it by storm. uae commits num.num lac crores investment, provides land for temple. modi launches emigrate and maddad hashtag
rt handle india to record num.num mt less foodgrain production yet modi wants to snatch away farm land. smart governance
rt handle its icc world cup its fifa world cup no, its namo in dubai hashtag url
rt handle handle handle could you please confirm if bjps tv crew is broadcasting modis gala event from dubai to tv chan
liberals why namo ate gujarati thali in dubai? hashtag
why r they chest thumping on stupid modi s useless world tours hashtag
*sending burnol to all presstitite media* hashtag
congressis, psecs& hashtag have got themselves into such a bind, they just cant say anything positive about namo
what else wud do u visit in a muslim country? url
look at pm modi,his bodylanguage,conviction with witch he is speaking num indian diaspora at dubai, at last a leader of india world recognises
watching narendra modi live speech at dubai international cricket stadium url
please include army veterans too. url
the loud roar on modi thanking crown prince for allotting temple land deafens all the aadarsh liberal outrage put together. hashtag
modis with us or against us moment url
modi posting fake selfie!
handle bhai modi ji hv raised bar so high i think other than morons nenum dare to dream to b pm so easily. no stands as tall as him
modis visit to dubai .
sickular handle & communists with hashtag asses is totally burnt. burnol is ineffective. url
our insurance scheme is as affordable as rs num per month pm hashtag url url
rt handle pm handle ji one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin
handle wid modis speech in dubai handle wl go mummy handle & handle wl play hashtag voice handle congrts
and then they compared him to god. immortal!
congress when modi in india pm modis does not visit mosque. he is anti muslim. please give congress burnoil
rt handle handle handle handle shameshame for modi govt. our ex armyman write with him blood for orop
rt handle best opportunity for pakistan to use its islamic influence and arrest modi in uae.
thay all love modi ji
handle rajdeep is hungry and angry at the reception modi is getting. can you get off twitter and fix him some dinner?
handle yeah hashtag is desperate but they are on track and sincere with their country not like our leaders those have no foreign policy
modi he came he conquered
handle handle i dont see why though. many nris i know are proaap and hate modirss so why the generalization?
the best part about all this is, hashtag clearly doesnt give a fuck what you think or do or cry about. hell go about doing what he has to do
rt handle [replug] find out how hashtag is offering hashtag a $num trillion investment opportunity in india url
as modi becomes the first pm to visit hashtag, here are num other things he was the first to url url
next you will see pm of pakistan running to uae to beg for loans (non returnable)hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
rt handle modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! hashtag
thanks modi sir for uae visit , url
those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi in dubai
comedy nights with modi
stocksmarketin hashtag new post lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel dea url url
num dawood has nightmares about modi seizing his
pm narendra modis independence day speech august num, num url via handle
rt handle watch live pm hashtag addresses indian diaspora in hashtag url
india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investments
show sachins century vs australia then only i will watch modi speech. hashtag
while speaking when handle ji is taking a pause, people going modi modi modi modi !
hashtag hashtag minhazmerchant modi and the muslim worldhow pms uae visit breaks the religious stereotype. my column
handle handle handle this is charismatic character of namo vande mataram
breaking angered by modis trip to uae, a furious rahul gandhi has retaliated by leaving for spain this evening on vacation.
handle aunty this is num u
mr.kerry modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever url
rt handle live hashtag watch pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi, modi url
whimping handle crying on the shoulders of handle after modi speech. some ppl will remain dogtail. hashtag
magical madison moments created by pm modi in dubai with a full house of num,num. this is a big step towards a new era of diplomacy.
hashtag what a grand welcome in dubai for narendra modi ji! hashtag !
rt handle crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url url
mr qureshi u should stop running after arabs. do a program on arab slave labourers frm pakistan. url
wow touched hashtag url
handle but trp came with modi
rt handle we are distressed at the use of power against veterans exservice chiefs write to pm modi on orop url
handle handle glittering speech modi sir
cant imagine any other leader invoking this muchmuch craze! namo rocks! hashtag hashtag
rt handle this is craziness for modi
rt handle modi is observing silence on border shelling in poonch ncp url outlook wires
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, emigrate portal madad for indian migrants url
doval gameplan in action?
hey quint you just missed mayavatis favorite digit num. url
how much will they tk it back & in how much time? any idea? any num knows ? or many waiting num their share? hashtag url
hashtag awesomeness redefinedmodi modi
pm modis dubai speech key highlights times of india url url hashtag
handle i think he stressed on this bcoz of recent lalit modi passport issue?
rt handle long queue of modi supporter on the way of rally ground ie dubai cricket stadium
handle thats what is meant. lesser mortals like us may be bothered but for modi ji his personal businessprestige is more important.
modi rocks in dubai.greetings to malayalee diaspora in new year is great gesture.
boss let him numst make finance ministry to help trade & industry url
handle handle handle how many liters of blood have you lost to him ? url
rt handle i never requested and never recommended to british government to give travel documents to lalit modi. url
what abt hashtag terrorism which flourishing in india by by rss behest of israel. hashtag url
india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investment bloomberg url
such a amazing response,uae based indian at dubai cricket stadium for modi great to see they came here to listen namo huge roar modi,modi,
hashtag namo says we are proud of you url
why r news channels missing all other news jus to accommodate duffer modi s bogus events hashtag
pakistani people when namo said napak irade consider your self
rt handle our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbouring countries pm
hashtag tricolor on the tallest building the burj khalifa has some body else earned this respect ever for country namo did it (salutes)
marhaba modi. watching namo live from dubai. modi woos dubai. salute to you for getting land for temple in uae. url
is modi wearing a pochampalli dupatta ?
handle boss , app ho na wahan pe. modi darta hai. you find politics in every word of modiooomaarrrr
modi used his right hand more than his left hand in that speech, this will make the left handers feel insecure under his rule. hashtag
namo knows where to speak and what to speak url
the stadium is fully packed by peoplebiggest gathering evee for modi hashtag handle handle handle handle
the rockstar is coming url
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation modi hashtag
i pity sickulars who are forced to watch indian diasporas modi reception in places like dubai, nuyork and sydney
rt handle modi in chennai, im busy writing toefl; modi in dubai, im stuck at chennai. when im getting to attend a live speech? hashtag
well well well modi is rocking in malayalam. hashtag
handle handle handle maza as gaya i mean more such tweets speak of success of the best orator namo in most forign lands
rt handle we all are pushpa diwalkars and modi casts ta ra ra ra spell on us every time he gives speech. url
rt handle long standing land boundary issue with bangladesh, was resolved on num august.it was pending since num hashtag
rt handle this decision was unanimously accepted by all political parties in parliament narendra modi
absolutely love the way pm strips off besahara congies on foreign tripsmazza aa gaya url
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai url via handle
rt handle we the india is secular since ancient times except the moguls url
click here to see url
handle band of folish ,modi sticks enough,end will be shortly
rt handle sheikh zayed mosque orgnizer told media persons first time i listen that the peoples shouting modi modi instead of azaan
the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle so bagga, modis favorite tweeple defames others by photoshopping their images & calls it sex tape. url
there wasnt a single stand alone visit by any indian pm to sri lanka after rajiv gandhi ji, before my visit pm narendra modi
its nt india pakistan final,its modi in dubai,jampacked stadium ,high energy level and endless hopehashtag
except pakistan , modi has taken all the names of neighbouring countries and trolled pakistan mostly hashtag
live pm modi addresses indian community in dubai, says hes witnessing miniindia url
last rt. not surprising tbh. a lot of indians live in dubai and modis popularity isnt alien to anyone.
so now people will outrage over what modi eats haha achcha hai.
handle handle idiots like rpn singh is questioning modi jis mental balance glorious idiot
handle lalit modi to help fund sahara chief subrata roys release from jail? url hashtag hashtag
pm narendra modis uae visit, day num latest news url
rt handle after visiting mosque narendra modi trolling sagarika ghose
rt handle modi visits uae
handle handle handle like the way namo keeps personal and politics separate
opposition but wo jo modi ne numrd minute mein numth word bola,wo sahi nai tha. out
we num said the same,honoring modi nt against handle url
ndtv we have defined the border with bangladesh for the first time since independence p url url
i see a mini india in dubai pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium hashtag hashtag url
watched sir narendra modis speech in uae feeling greatful no one is like sir modihashtag handle .
maritime security india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms modi and prince mohamed agreed to establish a st url
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit url
handle handle couldnt have been more true url
i feel for those who criticise modis foreign tours failing num understand his level of dedication num improve lives of indians (num) handle
first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at handle event in dubai. hashtag url
handle who says amartya sen is a good visionary or even an observer? before num elections he used to modi wont be pm!
curryman url modi, a devout hindu, being received in a prominent uae mosque by the countrys top leaders speaks volumes.
good taliban,bad taliban, good terrorism,bad terrorism has no place in this world. with humanity or no humanity modi strips pakistan naked
standing in islamic country and cursing taliban and terrorism is like a loin roar. modi is awesome
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbours pm modi in dubai
pm modi people working in gulf helped india when sanctions were imposed on country
land boundary issue with bangladesh was resolved on num august pm hashtag url url
handle handle handle they represent the num who didnt vote for modi tweet like a pseudo seculars
num. modis selfie in mosque
pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at the dubai stadium at around numrtnum tonight hashtag url
hashtag handle proud to hv a pm like mr.modi for our country. his vision so holistic wl certainly take india to greatest heights ever.
im witnessing mini india here namo.
stop no listening to cong seculars & handle handle handle handle end
modi always rock the stage happy to hear about uae investing in india looking forward for a brighter economy emoticon hashtag
and that my friends is how it is done! url
it seems hashtag has hashtag the historic hashtagarab relations. direct attack on pakistan from sheikhs land.
modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential url
the way indians are shouting modimodi in dubai, proves dt finally india has got a leader. > handle . watch hashtag
what a damn shocking respect for namo feels honoured being an indian today hashtag url
a temple in uae, a world yoga day, modis rockstar welcomes across the world means nothing to us. where are the promised benefits?
whenever modi delivers his speeches i feel sorry for a certain rahul emoticon
rt handle instead of waring muslim cap in india why modi is tripping in muslimic nations?
every lazy assumption does not make a fact. url
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag
pm modi when i used to sell tea! tea wasnt even sold for num! hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag its a crowd say all in dubai its a modi magic .but congress reaction on it unoptimistic
hashtag numbn infra investment fund setup hugepm modis dream of hashtag will get impetus now.
rt handle hashtag congress hits out at pm modi for his barb on foreign soil that he inherited lethargy from previous govts
you were bitching when modi gave less than num bn$ to mongolia. now he brought num bn $ from uae
handle hahasudheen is forgetting a *super sarcasm* sing board in all of his tweets i guess url
why dont you handle & your happy rter> handle call out modis biggest lie so far that both upa terms had a prime minister
hot damn this modi guy can talk. hell go places, im telling you. exotic, foreign places.
jubilant crowds throng hashtag stadium for pm handle address url url hashtag hashtag
handle darinder modi is converting your four fathers to hinduism, forget gazwa e hind now
rt handle so worlds third largest mosque has been reduced to a mere tourist attraction only coz you hate modi! url
rt handle handle , have a good day
rt handle to everything burn, burn, burn
she needs burnol. url
wire modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since url
is asking num proof of his innocence
handle handle great modi
rt youtubenum url hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai prime minister nare url
rt handle good night friends!
handle handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num m odi. (modi)
rt handle handle and i dont support modi, i only support india means ill likely swing for liberal following someday
hashtag word for word. indian are involved in terrorism in pakistan, sri lanka & china url
what are gulf news papers reporting about modi visit and see the nonsense of hashtag in indian media, they are glued to mosque visit
rt handle narendra bin al modi. sounds nice and majestic.
handle u get and publish mainly such news journalism of courage))))) url
handle how can mr modi admit this as it will be seen his weakness
hashtag hashtag modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment url
handle why protection. they it self exarmy and modi told its to be implemented shortly.aap has to set write its home first.
rt handle thought of sharing itimportant part of pm handle visit is nabbing long term target dawood ibrahim.checkout. https
seems sometime media overwhelming modi and his tour
rt handle muslims cheering on handle .i put muslims in quotes as muslims supporting modi are seen as not being muslim en
rt handle the best one from modi after madison square garden emoticon hashtag
rt url nashidwasta rt onebytwo chants heard in dubai stadium
tune to news channels hashtag prabanjanam ah craze entra babu hashtag
hashtag is the challenge now,not modi or anti mo
india proud of expatriates modi hashtag hashtag hashtag url url
modi is disgusting. the most pompous & obnoxious speech i have ever heard. insulting another country while being their guest.
rt handle south australia offers to assist govt in its clean ganga campaign
rt handle sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan told modi that if india buys fixed quantity of crudeoil from uae they are ready to do
rt handle now modi has started hitting cong out of the ground in dubais stadium ! hashtag hashtag
hashtag is really fond of taking credit for what others did. the land in uae for temple was given in num. but modi boasts abt it too
a mini india is here in front of me pm modi at dubai cricket stadium. hashtag
rt handle omg goose bumps .look at the crowd chanting modi modi .bharat mata ki jai .
i have never seen this type of inthusiasm any political leader before modi ji salute sir
handle crowd at dubai cricket stadium ahead of grand reception chanting modi with tricolor flags hashtag url
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae handle url
q. does any religion ever teaches terrorism ?
so glad i could attend this event emoticon
rt handle what the fuckity fuck is this? url
modi ji,what a connection he always create with public.really feel proud to see him getting responserespect n craziness in abroad.
hashtag modis chhutti kar doonga moment will get rid of terrorism like this hashtag
rt handle as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are num other things he was the first to do
rt handle lalit modi was a loser, now he seems to have lost his mental balance too. he shouldnt have any tight to communicate url
i am feeling like american.live long modi url
lets call it hashtag url
handle his critics were rightmodi has no influence outside gujarat hashtag url
rt handle its not anger, its jealousy! theres no medicine for it. url
hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now, hd streaming] url
handle lost interest in modis speech so soon? rtp rtp
nepal sent back the teams as teams were at cross roads url
modi roxx in dubai! expectations and hopes increase in the hearts of indian citizens towards their beloved pm.
handle i am so lucky that i hv a strong leader
fours and sixes in dubai cricket stadium, namo roaring and bharat will win for sure hashtag
pm narendramodi issues warning to pakistan from dubai
rt handle hahahaha even modi doesnt take gobar swamy seriously! url
now, congress will demand why modi didnt offer namaz & have roja. congress is looking topic less.
rt handle i hope if handle handle handle can broadcast this info hashtag url
handle s power in hashtag. hashtag should watch this achievement of hashtag. proud to be an indian hashtag
modi is live from dubai! hashtag
handle free ground given to modi in dubaifirst time everhow pak should react
rt handle empty chairs at modi event in dubai, gathering of only a few hundreds. hashtag handle
rt handle prime minister modi live at the international cricket stadium hashtag url
narendra modi clears indias terrorism stand in uae joint statement url
rt drindrajeetrai hashtag india is changing not because of modi but due to num crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but num
rt handle hashtag we dont look at nris passport color, blood color is enough for us modi in dibai
realy a terrific speech by our pmhashtag in dubai
rt handle why owaisis entry into bihar polls may spell disaster for pm modis mission num+ url handle
hashtag is truely a regional leader, to which ever region he goes, he can pull crowd. got it congoons hashtag
rt handle this is our namo handle .have u seen such a pm in your lifetime.i bet noooooooo hashtag url
rt handle expect for those few who cant think above religion,most indian muslims will always support modi.
handle handle lynette ,hashtag is excellent speaker like my idol hashtag .hashtag is hashtag hashtag
traditional dances of all regions handle stage
he (modi) is the greatest event manager that free india has ever seen tom vadakkan, congress hashtag
pm hashtag modi an atmosphere of trust has been established during my visit
indians all over d world see in modi a ray of hope, pride and nationalism after a looong time. no wonder, they want num see him n listen num him
to day was modis day on twitter,saw overwhelming welcome by uae rulers,jam packed indian n arabs.num
very true. we all know what a pretentious acted out showbaaji wwfwwe is. hashtag url
rt handle modi visited kazakhstan it is not muslim enough.
rt handle with every speech that modi gives outside india i wonder what a waste of decade it was under congress rule!
delighted to read tweets of hashtag they are burning
handle handle handlehandlehandle these num went num mosque wearing skull cap num fool d ppl modi went num pray
rt sham us democracy refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo stwuk sham us democracy refuses to release url
modi asks people to gift insurance to their sisters on rakshabandhan handle
those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today modi
rt handle when modi bad mouth abt d govt which put india in d world map as world numrd largest economy wt do ppl in other country think ab
too good ! hashtag url
rt handle pm modi asks attendees to give the crown prince a standing ovation for all he has done for the indian community. hashtag
handle handle sir, dont you trust modi ji he will make orop a reality very soon.
filmmaker nandita singgha doesnt agree with narendra modis hashtag campaign! read url
rt handle obamas reaction on modi jis speech hashtag url
handle modi will hit sixers and fours from dubai cricket stadium
pm modi knows how to work a crowd. amazing energy. others wilting in the dubai heat!
handle failed num understand! indian yawns during pm speech on iday,but nri shouting modi,modi! strange!
hashtag joint statement of crown prince of uae mohamed bin zayed ai nahyan and prime minister narendra modi august num, num at numrtnumam
icing on the cake if that happens! url
please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now, hd streaming] url
this is pleasure to listen modi ji
since independence no one talked about toilets. modi did. but of course it is jumla. rtd hashtag
rt handle modimodi in dubai cricket stadium, uae never seen such huge & massive response for any state head like hashtag http
handle what a best day when modi shows general cast people of india in dubai
ha ha looks like im getting trolled by modigang and dcompany both touched raw nerve of hashtag ? hashtag
hashtag handle namo takes a jibe at pakistan sponsored terrorism and compared with intent of a true muslim in uae to build temples
rt handle handle modi is worldwide popular , atal only in india
hashtag seems like its gonna be cricket match there. modi vs rok tantra
he is not the event manager tom, he is the event. url
modi scores big with malayalees with that malayalam new year wishhashtag
rt handle pm narendra modi acknowledges the bluecollared indian community, meets with over num workers url
whats there for hashtag to debate with congress spokies? hashtag
uae crown prince will invest num.num lakh crore in india. hashtag rocks
handle and what are you ? modis ass licker? or cocksucker handle handle
rt handle artists dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero modi
hashtag am witnessing a mini url
rt handle toi edit modis iday speech was underwhelming, especially in comparison to last year url url
handle num crore modi always talks about team bharat of num crore indians.
the guy in front was so enthusiastically chanting modi modi almost jumping off his seat . hashtag url
hashtag modi in uae pm to address indian diaspora in dubai shortly august num, num at numrtnumam url hashtag hashtag
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment url url
say empty bank account. good for nothing url
handle i wish someone would tell mr modi the effectiveness of soft power is inversely proportional to the amount you brag about it
a little bit happening hashtag hashtag hashtag
fdi flow has gone up by num per cent in last num months pm modi hashtag
today i feel proud after listening the speech of modi
rt handle now ed case closed they say. handle writes to hashtag, blames ed chief of scuttling probe in national herald case url
rt handle singh ws also a pm nvr heard chants of singh singh then.its a great honour fr us if pm is so popular hashtag url
rt handle and the modi concert tour rolls on hashtag
pm mr narendra modi rockstar in dubai.
handle mr modi if u dont distinguish bed & good terror than why u r soft towards pragya thakur col purohit & other hindu terrorists
basic ingredients of modi jis speech everywhere. hashtag
url rt daarubaazmehta no special celebrations were being planned at burj khalifa for modi ji url
most popular personality of pm narendra modi
modi ji plz bring some goodies for bhakts url
pm modi indicates to pakistan to build strong and reliable relation. said nepal, shrilanka and bangladesh trust on india now.
those who still wondering & questioning modi government ask themselves once , have they seen anything like this any pm of any country
hashtag ji todays speech hashtag and handle feeling same.
sorry,great rajastani,times of india ,indian express & ur hebrides childs.why speedbraker,why opps,namo doing well.same done indira rajiv
modi ji joins had with uae to counter terror hashtag but congis and aaptrades join hand for making it hashtag hashtag
now the secularists will start crying foul. why did modi only ask for a temple url
rt handle nris will be voting in num, yeah rtd url
dubai stadium after a long time indian are there for cheering india and narendra modi
modi must change hashtag to win hashtag url
rt handle crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi url via handle
handle spectators brave num degrees heat outside dubai modi hashtag url url
rt handle namo is a phenomenon! period. hashtag handle
cries of modi! modi! modi! i thought that kind of reception was reserved for sachin! hashtag url
syedarainum url aqpk we r busy in our past, modi is busy in making future in uae,
handle u think u wl get more footage when modi has just concluded his speech
you will never get to see this in indian media.
felling proud to have wonderfull pm, amussed to see thousands of people gathered for modi in uae.
handle modi ki speech suni?
what a great personality of our pm handle .we indians are proud of hashtag. url
rt handle not sure why people are surprised by the crowd, modi is doing what he does the best. great orators bring in crowd irrespe
modi just went to pakis numnd home & shat there.
timeline of the riots in modis gujarat url
rt handle pm sud hire sum credible speech writers. seems his current ones r either hashtag educated or yale irani writes num him ht
hashtag thailand hashtag hashtag
the all india muslim personal law board (aimplemoticon on monday said prime minis hashtag
this modi modi modi chant in the dubai cricket stadium is much much bigger than sachin sachin sachin in india! hashtag
see the beef export in india during modi regime when he banned beef killing in india depriving poor eating beef. url
modi ji not a leader ,
some chutiyas like handle are jealous of modi ji. refects numm his tweets hashtag
handle apply burnol on your burning ass. also not watch modi speech to avoid burning sensation.
the stadium in dubai which doesnt
rt handle chootad das forgot about the anti modibjp girl stuck in europe helped by sushma swaraj just a few months ago. url
there is no good or bad terrorism. modi ji saying this on visit num country which is openly supporting terrorists in syria. ajab hashtag
rt handle modis dubai address.our pm is brilliant.i am sure even ak will agree.on this one every indians chest fills with pride!thats
how many indian expms ever met labourers working abroad? hashtag url
rt handle crowd chanting hashtag ! electrifying atmosphere
rt handle handle modi has no achievements to talk so still hard selling num victory which was anyway due num sponsorship
namohashtag trust indiahashtag allotted
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis and now num modi
rt handle prince myself mohammed bin zayed al nahyan ,aka crown prince .
rt handle cheering to theek hai bhai, par facts correct kar le, rajasthan ke elections ke time modi gujarat ka cm tha. emoticon
the guy next to me succinctly summarizing namos speech so far,mera general knowledge badraha hain hashtag
congress rahul aware of modis growing influence all over world; its because of his hard work, good governance & no dynasty politics
honorable pm modi jis visit to dubai.
pm narendra modi reaches out to indian diaspora in dubai; announces madad url
first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at handle event in dubai hashtag num seconds url
handle handle modi the great
rt handle talking taliban n terrorism but also telling pakistan to be in its limits in a muslim nation is what we call chappan inch k
handle handle handle long live our lion , our modi
rt handle why im not looking forward to seeing modi in dubai dailyo url hashtag
kabhi to reality dekho idiots url
a small girl (numyr old) girl child at dubai has come to see namo at dubai cricket stadium where pm is to address url
rt handle handle handle enemy and that too
hashtag pm to inaugurate rs num,num cr road projects in bihar tomorrow prime minister narendra modi will url hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium.
handle namo you r really really really really greattttt sir.we r very proud to have u as our p.m sir jai hind
rt handle handle handle handle handle modi has a lion image wherever he goes he has a dominating personality h
rt handle finally modi visited one south indian state after becoming pm hashtag
your feelings are understandable since your time you are meeting a leader who is incorruptible hashtag url
modi is praising prince crown so much i am worried sheikh mohammad will take him back home t
stat pm modi becomes the first indian who visits dubai and doesnt taste hummus. hashtag
handle it means for all bad & evil things lord shaneeshwara is responsible. now the hashtag hv found a reason num castigate modi.
great show by modi to win uae, at this moment when regime change is ha penning in middle east hashtag
modi ji can prove himself num indian by bringing a num inch led from dubai
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modinahyan talks, uae to back the indian express url
handle handle modi should really extoll the benefits of breathingwill rid us of a lot of his critics emoticon
some more abuses will be hurled at modi by seculars & liberals of india. url
handle watch live pm hashtag addresses indian diaspora in hashtag url
hashtag is desperate for saving hashtag from hashtagbeware desperate people may take desperatefinal solution in desperation,hashtag
handle indian leaders were saying that no one knows namo outside of gujarat, numday they must b seeing his friend following outside india.
really un believable url
very shrewd of modi to frequently refer to crown prince to appreciate his efforts. hashtag
rt handle chants against pm modi by exservicemen
narander modi pm of india is created by amitabh bachan
rt handle making fun of narinder modi wouldnt help usm the fact is uae is preferring india over pakistan.
amid border hostilities, modi visits jammu; likely to announce mega url
\i am witnessing a miniindia here,\ says pm modi in dubai highlights
rt handle we have finally resolved the indobangladesh border issue on august num narendra modi
rt handle i liked a handle video url live marhaba namo pm narendra modis speech from dubaitvnumpartnum
mba student sikkim ma
pm modi hard statement on terrorism reminds one of george bush saying, youre either with us, or against us.
crown prince of uae decides to invest num.numlac cr. in india modiinuae handle ye hai hashtag dekh liya dum keep watching namos
rt handle hashtag india is not vain to be big; it will rise from the east, says modi in dubai url
pls do keep in mind all corpts r on one side including traitor ak.
hashtag modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment url hashtag
rt handle list of uturn taken by modi government till date hashtag
india, the uae agree to counter extremism and terrorism in the entire region collectively
good newstough on terror speech by pm modi
he is not modi he is moti
live pm to address community members in dubai handle hashtag url
rt handle modi always says bhaiyo aur behno what about our transgendared brothers and sisters?
namo in dubai love the speech! thank u modi ji n btw amazing selfie with hh emoticon hashtag handle
modis dubai mallu new year wish a few minutes ago became the numnd best dialogue ever. after savarigirigiri.
the leader that young
rt handle handle its very sad that whn pm hashtag hd said he wl implement hashtag senior exservice men & exchiefs r piching armys
modi is here it is electric all aroud the world! hashtag
handle this shows how much people are excited to meet modi in hashtag . a true world leader hashtag url
rt handle impressed by namo so far. this guy knows how to play to a crowd.
rt handle rt if you also got goosebumps when namo said bharat mata ki and num people together shouted jai hashtag
handle handle we love sultancrown and our pm.modi jithank u so much sir hh for trust indiansthank u so.much for temple
rt handle thank god, modi discovered india and told the world, we were unknown till mid num
rt handle pm modi condemns twin bomb blasts in bangkok outside lord brahma temple url
handle as u always blame modi for adani. adani build mudra port near kutchh remember? handle jo karte he soch ke karte he
rt handle congress be likeafter listening modi speech in dubai hashtag url
handle handle whats worse is modis supporters go into contortions blaming jaitley,ed dir, peon everybody. bhai pm kaun hain?
handle handle handle handle n she is such a dumb numnot num learn tht with whole nris becoming mps will make modi num rule the world
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle it
will modi tell dubai audience that bjp opposed land boundary agreement ? url url
rt handle leaders in abu dhabi and dubai have showered me with love, will never forget it narendra modi
chants of modi modi in dubaibloating with pride here in india! hashtag hashtag
if pm modi brought back underworld then it wud b grnum not making mandir in uae.
rt handle modi government to simplify num labour laws
rt handle worlds inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of deve
live hashtag pm modi concludes his speech at dubai, read all about it here url
i am loving this scene i am proud of you handle amazing to see num,num indians singing anthem on foreign land. madness. hashtag
handle handle great work by modi ji
two forms of southindian classical dance representing indian culture url
rt handle modi talking of dangers of terrorism is like a nazi talking and crying of dangers and sufferings of jews hashtag
modi has become a brand for india. no denying that. just that if he could have concentrated that on doing some good work. hashtag
handle handle handle dollar rs equation is indirectly proportional to modi foreign visits more visits rupee more down.
waiting for shri modis public speech @ dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
chanting of modi,modi hashtag is enough for cong to stay away from elections num next num years at least.respect is earned not transferred
the takeaway from modis independence day rthes living in a gilded cage.many extravagant claims.url via handle
pm modi meets vicepresident & prime minister of uae, hh mohammed bin ra url via handle
handle handle narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir hashtag
sure i love num listen num hashtag but not in d time slot of handle ag remains my first love. so modi kaka, please wrap up handle
for me the most imp modi did in dubai is to expose pakistan in gulf world. hashtag
what a patriotic & proud feeling comes when num indians sing the national anthem together. this is hashtag effect. hashtag
handle what an amazing person you are! beautiful thoughts on hashtag hashtag hashtag & hashtag url
handle handle handle is a date enough if modi announces date as aug num num will all b contended
rt handle mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, uturns and flipflops, including on hashtag is talking about indecis
modi in dubai india, uae to establish strategic security dialogue, boost firstpost url
thank you uae. handle handle handle handle handle handle handle hashtag hashtag url
handle did you remember the protesting veterans, mr bachhan? you are filthy rich, do some some good,avoid photoops like modi ji.
congress peoples is a madnamo is a coming dubai great reletionship
rt handle two completely opposing policy prescriptions of indias policy vis a vis afghanistan
rt handle i love how pakistanis sound so so so similar to indian seculars url
rt handle pm handle arrives at the venuecrowds go frenzy chanting modi modi
handle handle namo shows us india everywhere
you can hear namo forever and beyond and never get tired. not even for a second.
handle watching, hearing modi ji in dubaioverseas is not less than watching a cricket, fifa world cup finaltruly miraculous leader.
rt handle uae has agreed to grant india land for a temple pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
url rt mediacrooks wth this is that puppy modi once referred to? and reporter asking aa url
handle handle oh! yes , my mistake. bhavnao me bah jate hain mere jaise modi supporters emoticon
rt handle handle thank you so modi ji for visiting a labour camp in uae is huge. its first firm footstep towards recognising di
handle handle and num others retired o
modi we have handle spouse in india.
nris and ris mostly are very optimistic about modi and his governance. therefore, rnis (residentnonindians) are feeling jittery.
hashtag thunders in dubai.
let the picture speak hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle pm modi says uae & india have decided to punish those who indulge in terror hashtag
rt handle dawood is behind bomb blast in bangkok he want show his prowess to world but he cant do so in any arab country to show mo
prime minister narendra modi on a twoday visit to the uae is in dubai. he is addressing a num,numstrong india url
handle handle hashtag wants num save the numst family, & namo led govt wants num save the nation.
rt handle handle isi ka chara yours dost ne khaya hai.modi ne nahi.this type of thinking made ur bihar sick in all respec
rt handle what a speech by hashtag amaziiiiing please guys do not miss it its on every news channel hashtag handle
pm modi thanks uae for supporting indias candidature for permanent membership of un security council via handle
narendra modi arrives at the stadium.
the arabs can move beyond the past and develop constructive engagements with pm modi, but indian politicians cant hashtag hashtag
so many thousands of muslims to attend namo in dubai event. overflowing numbers.hashtag http
hashtag hashtag power and hashtag potential can make the dream of an hashtag century a reality. hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle oye madam you are a confirmed traitor? you seem to be crying about modis assault on pak? are you paid or blackmailed?
was that embarrassing when italian was looting? url
modi ji went to uae to ensure even they dont beat us in cricket! handle
orop debate has proven that modi bhakts are from the same asshole breed as the ones from cong n other pol parties
handle more burnol dubaipeople waiting in q num see ther hero namo handle url
rt handle num population in india is below num years of age narendra modi ji hashtag
pm modi uses dubai speech to send out strong message against terrorism numrtnum pmpm modi co url
hashtag drinking game
handle after watching namo speech now at dubaiim sure u must have applied for indian citizenshipbut quee is long emoticon
rt handle good taliban, bad taliban this wont work.decide are you with terrorism or with humanity?, says pm modi hashtag
one by one, hashtag is converting nations with records of harbouring terrorists against india into an ally.
handle great worksuccessful trip trust building uae india brotherhood. foundation long live our respected leader modi ji
isis threat may figure in pm modis talks with uae leadership url
but hashtag continues to roam around the wo
i am seeing a miniindia before me right here in hashtag, says pm modi. hashtag
handle modi is so careful about indian diaspora but he dont care about indigenous, he is playing antisocial politics.
hashtag pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
rt handle narendra modi thanks his predecessors for giving him this visit
seriously actors & actresses sae jayada fans toh hamare pm ke hai love it when they scream modimodimodi emoticon hashtag
handle handle i think u dont like modi ji thats why u always thinks negative about himsoch badlo desh badalega
rt handle handle the temple is a huge gift to the people of abu dhabi narendra modi
rt handle hashtag hashtag reception in hashtag cricket stadium track live updates at url url
i salute our national tiger mr narendra modi ji to rock the uae hashtag
rt handle there are no bhakts as such, all paid it workers of apco. url
vianarendra modi app url
respect that i got is for num cr indians pm modi
faces of people in d crowd listening to modi s stupid speech gives an impression that they hv been forced to sit out thr.
has the turnout record for a match been overtaken, handle? url
modi is full on entertainment
rt handle i am witnessing a miniindia in dubai today pm modi url
modi does it again a proud indian hashtag
rt handle modi is more than a rockstar
now modi is acting that foreign musician who comes to india and opens the act by saying, namaste india and crowd goes mad just by that.
rt handle the vast majority are already hugely disillusioned with this incompetent , incapable modi sarkar.it has congenital deficienc
handle failur of ns and his foreign policy, see how uae warmly welcomed gurat extremist modi;url
from outsider to insider modis independence day speech was underwhelming, especially in comparison to last year url
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united arab url
lord buddha conquered entire sea, japan and china only with his words and honesty! modi did same today hashtag won over num,num crowd
a traditional dance from kerala ,mohiniattam,keeps audience engaged ahead of modis arrival
on ground we are on screen
prime minister of india narendra modi arrives at the venue.
hashtag modi g yr independance speech was good bt today u blast. true statesmanm , a brave leader. hats of u. u rocks
dubai pm modi addresses massive crowd, lauds expatriates, thanks uae
rt handle handle my leader.my rock star.my icon. my role model.
rt handle difficult to grasp for people with no clue on how rss works! country is bigger than self and family for a pracharak! https
naughty boy,theres a skeleton in his own cupboard url
will nsalevel talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi url hashtag hashtag
just because they are following hashtag
rt handle sadfew tv channels already announced that modi returning back wth dawood from dubai
handle hiiiiii modi siri like sooo much your job
great speech & motivation watching narendra modi in dubai, united arab emirates url
handle dont know about that, but the global exposure and value of india is certainly on rise after all these things happening. hashtag
rt handle uae supports india since num url hashtag
did the nautanki in dubai. tomorrow hell land in delhi wa sulking face and become chupendra modi. then will talk to himself (mann ki baat)
rt handle the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism or perpetrators of ter
modi issued license to violence url
what mr.modi would write in high school essay
modi hit (u.a.e) rahul sonia fits( faint)
india doesnt need to watch replays of tendulkars desert storm anymore. hashtag just did a solid encore! hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle i am seeing a miniindia before me right here in hashtag, says pm hashtag
today, there is a immediate possibility of num trillion dollars of investment in india pm namo
handle true but c d crowd just num heat hashtag hashtag of hashtag handle unbelievable
rt handle government of pakistan is trying its best to use its diplomatic channels to arrest modi and bring him to pakistan prison.
modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since nar url
modi in dubai long, hot wait for those headed to marhaba namo emirates num url
rt handle as modi willve nothing to show from hashtag bhakts & media to run temple story. read here url
weve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm modi in dubai url
rofl hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
i want to thank uae for backing indias demand for a permanent seat in un security council pm modi hashtag
rt timesnow modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in num years. can congress deny the fact? tweet your views live on hashtag
very proud moment for india! mr. modi,ceo of india for next num years! hashtag
people whose conscience n intelligence wr sleeping num num yrs, r trending hashtag num modi just aftr num yr
on the face those who were saying, no one know modi outside gujurat hashtag url
num.num lac crore investment is coming from crown prince of uaei am sure now modi government will easily implement url
rt handle india proud of expatriates modi url url
india full of opportunities. num of people are below the age of num years pm modi hashtag
rt handle pm modi talks tough on terrorism, expresses joy over uaes support for indias permanent membership in the unsc
rt handle why cong dynasty will end when india prospersand how pm modi can bring this about. fine piece by handle http
hariom panvar should be declared rashtra kavi.why narendra damodar modi is waiting .
and the lives of indians living along pak border and loc. url
handle handle modi njoying pointless speech .
dubai cricket stadium has so far had hosted num odis, and now hosting num modi. url
pm hashtag modi holds talk with hashtag hashtag prince hashtag url url
handle modi is going all we have cultural and historic ties,make in india,strengthen defense ties with all!good! handle handle
rt handle handle absolutely. its very encouraging for hashtag from all across the country url
handle you are the bestest aaj ki date mein greater than namo handle
num,num register for hashtag hashtag event
.handle spokesperson compares handle pratibha patils visit (indiragsoniags cook) to dubai with our pm modi visit! theyve gone bonkers
except pakistan , modi has taken names of all the names of neighbouring countries ! hashtag ! hashtag
handle can u please ask what is there view on terrorism on which modi clearly shows his vision towards pakistan.
modi wave in dubai toogreat personality modiji proud of you hashtag url
check this tweet modi hashtag hashtag hashtag
unmatchable, unstoppable, unavoidable & invincible that is present indian pm narendrabhai damodardas modihashtag handle handle
what abt job creation young india url
as modi speaks, pappu is not able to be even satisfied by half dozen bitches in his bedroom ~ sources
hashtag speech in uae
rt handle shaikh gave permission to modi to give this long speech in uae is in itself a big deal. this shows how powerful persona he is.
see the feelingsits all modi modi. url
so damn right that num arch enemieslalu niku came together for fear of political oblivion in their own bastion,bihar url
entire budget session washed out protecting num corrupt handle associates, and he talks abt progress
dear brothers, dont fund terrorism. this is what modi ji is saying right? hashtag
awsme im so happy modi ji wishes all kerala people in malayalam.
handle modis speech tonight is really good. nri crowds impressed, that is what matters. waiting to see what faults msm finds.
handle rtgood analysis.bjp nd its allies shld b able num get significant no of seats.modi is a good cm candidate
brains in skull of critics exposed by pm modiji?
modi have proved that he is unbounded hashtag
hashtag chest thumping modi, crown prince greeted me at airport, crown prince hugged me blah blahhashtag url
craze for namo has no bounds hashtag almost numhours before his speech crowds have gathered in scorching heat url
rt handle haharofllllll
rt handle handle handle handle but, is the pm not uttering absolute lie on uae backing unsc seat. url
whenever pm modi travels abroad, he gives a great feeling to indians all over the world.proud moment hashtag handle handle handle
mcen uae raises gold import duty issue with india prime minister narendra modi held wideranging talks with url
speech of modi finished in dubai every body was happy there but in india we will see some dumb ppl crying on tv news hashtag
in dubai cricket stadium u could see there r toilets written in big , as jiski fatt jaye modi k bhashan se woh waha jaha sake
nuke. sit on their chest as they bleed through their eyes. point at the inferno around them and say hello. url
indias honorable prime minister shree narendra modi implement indias own operating system b url via handle
modi is trying to make good relationship with the world
live stream of hashtag address to dubais indian community. hashtag url
handle take you eyes of gujarati thali or modis suit you will see a strong resurgent india.
hashtag listening to modi speak is like binge drinking.the only inevitability that follows his fake euphoria is a miserable hangover
much like arrow piercing juliets heart killing romeo. url
aaaaaaand he did become pm to your eternal misery with num mps to boot from twitter and nri votes. url
inexcusable hypocrisy u.s. is poised to oppose freeing guantnamo hunger striker url
meaningful fight against terrorism is only possible with uae supporting india in its strong resolution to fight terrorism.a namo initiative
namo speech going wild in dubai hashtag
now i am waiting for modi to say i have an old relationship with dubai. hashtag
hashtag india should prove its words and stop killing people in kashmir url
handle congrats. that is modi governance.
in india, num of the country is below num years of age. india is a young nation, says pm modi
rt handle pm modi says dubai crown prince has promised to invest rs num.num lakh cr in india hashtag
when it rains in india, people in dubai open their umbrellas to protect us pm modi. hashtag
is it pappu or our own pm sayin such non sense? handle handle handle
come along or be left behind ~ pm
modi makes me believe again. this is my countrys pm hashtag
watch namo jalwa on link;;url
lets monkeys fight with each other url
handle are you listening to modi or not? if not, listen him on youtube.their is some secret message for pak establishment also.
prime minister narendra modi condemned it .all those who have a stake in humanity will condemn it with bell ,book and candle .
who pays for hashtag pm hashtag carnivals in foreign countries like d one now happening hashtag ?
live we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi in dubai url
narendra modis independence day speech between words and deeds the hindu url
num men from punjab were also migrant labourers. handle needs to discuss this with gcc! url
rt handle the indian prime minister narendra modi attends the reception hosted by the indian community in hashtag handle url
thank you our pmnamohashtag url
rt handle indians are so lucky to have a prime minister like sri narendra modi.
modi should now visit pope in vatican city in order to maintain secular fabric of the world. emoticon
handle do you think congress will field priyanka; just like the way namos name was announced as pm candi just few months before elections
rt handle modi want every bro num secure his sis by paying num pm gnum suraksha yojna on rakhi whil d othr demand chanda hashtag http
rt handle looks like the only thing congress knows to do is cry and create a scene towards everything that modi does. fucking idiots.
rt handle uae alert cong hv never ever crippled any state like modi doing in delhi. maggi live ex of wt can be in modis rule.
modi in uae live indians in dubai epitome of hard work, says pm url
rt handle hashtag every hashtag should be proud of our hashtag modi who roars in an hashtag nation against hashtag and hashtag wel
id definitely start respecting narendra modi if he works instead of just travelling and talking.
blueprint of every modi speech. chest thumping, empty talk, campaign rhetoric, absurd promises, cringe worthy phrases and acronyms.
modi wishing happy malayalam new year to mallus in malayalam in gelf! the man really knows how to write a script! hashtag
good thing hamid gul died before this happened. he must be spinning in his grave url
worlds inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of development pm modi
rt handle mr. modis visit to u.a.e. is the first by an indian prime minister in num years url url
congisaapi are listening the namo speech more attentively just so they can find something to make an issue out of
rt handle modi is wearing a blue jacket in abudhabhi. what does that mean? is he trying to woo dalit votes in bihar is it manjhi ef
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai url
rt handle pm modi is welcome to make frequent and impromptu visits abroad and make foreign trips. wish he speak up in parliament
crowd chanting modi modi hashtag
eagerly waiting for mr modi speech in dubai
superb speech by modi handle just simply brilliant
waiting for modi to anytime go kuch bhi ho furious num mein abu dhabi ka scene baap tha.
handle handle handle bihar election will b modis waterloo n his man of the match amit shah graveyard.
very funny indeed hashtag url
rt handle thank god modi did not visit thailand recently or else ppl like handle wud have correlated hashtag blasts as reaction
modi ji come to india, we are indian dont forget, numcrore citizens of peoples waiting for you and your promises
aap supporters are jealous that the prince himself is hosting modi unlike their god who got hosted by a fake company and hence trending shit
going to watch namo live from uae
day is not far when we will have torrents like
congress grumbles modi not speaking in parliament. busy with workactionnot to clarify on silly issues to yechury, anand & rahul? not upa.
rt handle ppl criticising modi num not visiting a muslim country, well hes d numst pm num visit uae in num yrs, y didnt manmohan singh
rt handle ranveer sena mass murderers are now in bjp. no surprise modi and amit shah having highest murder record keeps them.
rt handle well i am a complete hashtag supporter but we expected things to be bit more fast
great challenge for modi url
modi must be been tempted to say, hum panch hamare pachees rtd hashtag url
hashtag modi ruling everywhere. see url
selfie only pm hashtag url
handle handle now ppl (hindus or muslims should know that rssbjpmodi is not against muslims but upa supporters are!
handle bakhts are amazing modi ji agar isis ki be tareef karay they will come to defend it num uae is truely secular today
rt handle what i not understand is this congresss program from num & uae got it since num then how modi started it now url
no points for guessing pm modi will speak a few words in malayalam. hashtag
pm modis special package for bihar on august num url hashtag url
video pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi numtonumonlynews pm url
hashtag modi is from terrorist org rss which preaches to create trouble and jumlas
hashtag believes britain owes reparations to hashtag
lol verbal diarrhoea. url
rt handle hashtag we work, not with arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development
handle handle modi is good
rt handle handle many pakis who matter must watched namos speech. hard to imagine where all it has hit them hard handle
handle handle today dawood will be traveling along with modi at delhi airport he shall be arrested good move no bloodshed
its shocking to c such big crowd of keralites(who dont support bjp) to listen to modi.hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle modi will build a road from ahmedabad to dubai over the sea
topper is none other than
rt handle bhakts are right, modi wants pieces, congress knows rules.
extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modis image exongc chief rs sharma the (url
rt handle hashtag is desperate for saving hashtag from hashtagbeware desperate people may take desperatefinal solution in desperation,
rt handle handle handle handle some of the veterans have an agendato disgrace modihe has assured on the honou
i couldnt stop the tears coming out when i heard jan gan man in dubai we are proud of you modi ji emoticon hashtag
if someone comes here as pm after num years, its natural for people here to get angry pm hashtag url
rt handle hatred agst hindusmodi has eaten away d brains of hashtag,d morons whine so much on every issue that its sickening!
the inside scoop heres what was on the menu when sanjeev kapoor curated a dinner for pm url url
rt handle hashtag pm handle takes veiled swipe at hashtag over hashtag url url
i think there will be only one stock market alive for next num years, the way modi representing india. hashtag
hashtag prime minister narendra modi interacts with business leaders in masdar city hashtag hashtag hashtag
south australia offers to assist govt in its clean ganga campaign
rt handle pm hashtag hits out at pak for blocking saarc free trade url url
rt handle live telecast marhaba namo forward together hashtag
pm modi making country steps everywhere good go we need strong bonding with everyone to tackle with enemies. url
rt handle i am all set to listen to shri narendra modi, rt if you are all set and read to listen to pm modi ! hashtag
modi talk about bbin which will exclude problematic pakistan and join rest of saarc with asean hashtag
rt handle a very nice gesture on part of pm modi to ask crowd to give standing ovation to crown prince for allotting land for temple
handle handle proud of mr modi
handle handle now hashtag and hashtag will use this pic to prove that modi was speaking in an empty stadium
rt handle aur fir namo namak thunder se bachne ki koshish karta hai url
hey dawood ibrahim, what if you rule in dubai, you cant stand in a stadium like modi and face such a huge crowd even in dubai. hashtag
an adarsh liberal is one who mocks others for worshipping modi yet expects modi to come up with miracles like eradicating poverty within numyr
pm modi asks attendees to give the crown prince a standing ovation for all he has done for the indian community. hashtag
if its rains in india, people in dubai will open up an umbrella. that close they are modi. hashtag
rt handle india has been a victim of terrorism for the last num years narendra modi
i agree with ghos(e)t provided crown prince put tilak on his forehead url
handle sir delhi fort mein nai kr paye to dubai mein is equal to kr rahe hain modi ji
handle wished keralities a happy new year in malayalam. sheikhs enjoying modis malayalam as well as hindi speech.handle
rt handle rahul gandhi says he is here to defend the people of india from narendra modi. the same people who gave him a full manda
wrote a scathing email to govt. of uae how modi is making a mockery of democracy.
prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast hashtag
when did this happen? url
rt handle from the temple in abu dhabi to the significant statement on terrorism, a range of issues were covered. hashtag url
pm hashtag ends his speech with bharat mata ki jai url url
typical media describing more about how many people in the stadium than the content of mr modis speech hashtag
handle handle hahahaha. thats being generous of you. sir ji.
i think narendra modi is on world tour. seriously.
rt handle those who need to, will today understand our message on terror, says pm modi in dubai url url
two different faces of modi saheb
handle is it congress flays modi or ndtv flays modi. anyway both are & mean the same
congrats mr. modi, india for a great deal with abu dhabi well done!
handle ha ha ha sir. they will use even mobile internet to tweet mr modis speech was boring.
rt handle i wish someone would tell mr modi the effectiveness of soft power is inversely proportional to the amount you brag about
now what was that url
namos giving speech in dubai right now.
former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner l
hashtag people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. track live updates here url url
handle okay then i want modi to return india and then visit to all muslim countries. ))
why is the wall street journal convinced that handle hashtag is working? url hashtag hashtag hashtag
salute modi for his excellent speech in dubai & on his historic achievement. no pm has ever visited uae. anand sharma criticise? any right?
handle craze for pm from darbhanga to dubai remains the same. historic url
yes. modi is a rockstar. yes. his overseas events are grand and spectacular. jealous dear adarsh liberals?
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai hashtag url
rt handle so my friends right on the news that last numdays lots of influx of keralite relatives in uae url
rt handle i dont think any indian muslim had voted for modi.
india pm modi tells dubai indians how significant remittances were during sanctions period. (~ half of indias inward remittance from gcc)
ouch out of ideas to rant so writing any nonsense stuff pity. url
rt handle missed modis live speech in dubai? follow the highlights here url handle hashtag url
new uaeindia fund aims to attract $numbn infrastructure investments the crown prince and prime minister modi url
you can watch modi ji liveplease access the below link. hashtag url
namo is a person, who no matter how desperate the situation, gave others hope hashtag hashtag
comedy of the day from the ghost (pr team) of late pakistani gen. hameed gul who died on aug num (indian ind. day) url
jst a thoughtwill namo b able to at least partially isolate pak by forging stronger, more meaningful ties with uae, us, etc?
rt handle pm modi now talks about nepal quake. handle
modi woos uae says india has $num trillion investment potential prime minister narendra modi on monday wooed to url
handle after cursing modi for two years continuously, nitish is waiting impatiently?a kick in the pants is all he must get instead
handle modi ji no one in saarc wants to talk to you
hashtag num experts handle handle handle handle handle handle handle url
rt handle if modi can delight his bhakts by visiting mosque, imagine how thoroughly they will be enthralled when he goes for haj hashtag
still num hours to go & stadium is almost full
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said india is proud of expatriate indi
modi modi modi modithats what you hear when he is there.
pakistanis mocking namo, dude, when nawaz sharif speaks, even nawaz sharif doesnt listen.
handle handle handle modis word on mosque visitor book. url
modi addressing audience in sharjah stadium or as dawood calls it the office
rt handle handle handle handle thats modi lovers$ amazing
private channels arent allowed on foreign trips and dd news has access to the kitchen where modis url
i hear nh case is being dumped. right time for modi to sacrifice his knight and get the oppositions queen. cant let her go
latest pm narendra modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb economic times mo url hashtag
hashtag handle handle you can take the girl out of hashtag but you cant take the hashtag out of her! url
rt handle handle handle handle handle being a modi supporter i rt some posts not for this dirty abusiv
its good to c ur honourable prime minister mr.modi in uae . watching the same hashtag
pakistan cricket team must invite modi to all their uae matches to attract crowd. hashtag
modi effect or sachin effect? rtd
hashtaghashtag modihashtag to be proud of
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium live url
what abt the num killed by him? url
lots of ppl r waiting outside in queue n waiting to get the seats.
rt handle neither times now nor aaj tak or headlines today debated modi raising sale of fm channels in his speech hashtag
business & trade matters more than ummah bull shit. but we are zarra hut kay. url
assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord url
handle sources say all those numk inside have been forcefully put in and their passports seized till the modi show is over emoticon
indian prime minister lalit modi handle hashtag
today in hashtag i am seeing a miniindia pm narendra modi url
disclaimer some punch lines are so hilarious that you might die laughing hashtag
handle handle handle now when i went to the temple in meena bazar area, many familiar faces were missing. all at namo
live watch pm modi in uae sent clear message that terrorism wont be tolerated pm modi url
rt handle this leaves tht far behind,no one was shouting sachi sachinbut ppl are shouting modi modihashtag url
rt handle this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
getting num,num people for a meeting in india without a quarter and packet of biryani is a daunting task. modi achieves it with ease overseas
ha ha! while bsf is busy firing at terrorists at the j&k border. url
handle modi never promised num lakh in our account this video clarifies what he said url
rt handle dear handle ,not just sagarika, but her husband handle & other modi haters handle handle etc hv blocke
what a great speech given by prime minister hashtag at hashtag
you are too kind emoticon url
i hope pm modis uae visit ends once and for all the topi politics that sickulars play in india. hashtag
modi doesnt refer to scripthe refers to notes .only rarely coz u dont need scripts to display ur passion.u need a good soul nationalism
handle yeah repelled. hopefully you wont blame modi for num loss.
rupee is in hospital due to dr manmohan singhs treatment narendra modi, sept num. url
handle you and those like you have long back became irrelevant. keep spitting the venom of your hate against modi. he will just rise.
handle handle handle handle handle there is hardly a difference between kejriwal and modi. both are duping people
rt handle narendra modi is srk of politics. politicians opposes him, they want him to lose. and everyone knows he is the best! h
hashtag list of fact based achievements, zero shallow promises, perfect euphemisms, striking the right cord kudos mr. modithank you
hes on his wayhis plane will land directly on ur rooftopyou can chillax now! url
handle a defence officer will not read khaleez times! this was being circulated as a slap to modi on his dubai visit,total political
hashtag zakka jacob flabbergasted by modis reference to terrorism in an islamic nation lol
rt handle zee, among others, is carrying live visuals of pm modi from dubai hashtag
handle after few years modi, the indian terrorist will claim,,, he himself was behind this act
modi kicks off uae visit with mosque tour in conciliatory gesture to muslims url
rt handle people should be asked to decide if they are with terror or with humanity narendra modi
will pm modi sanction orop when all these old veterans are alive. to suite the calculation should not sanction after most of them are left.
guys check rt handle modi sarkar is as spineless as a maggi noodle. it has been neutralised in num minutes flat. hashtag
handle he has num.numm followers on twitter alone. dont need you to quote his tweets. url
no mr. modi, everyone is against terrorism. problem is we are labelled as being pro terror if we talk about how the state causes terrorism
pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium at around numrtnum tonight url
modi modi chants getting louder minute by minute in dubai stadium hashtag
pm modis dubai speech key highlights times of india url
pakistan wants to derail modis mission uae with the help of traitors from india.
td num the uae has an indian community of over num.num million people. modi in uae for bringing foreign capital and technology
handle handle handle handle hashtag is num of d best orator in politics
rt handle handle on the occasion of pm modis visit, uae government decides to allot land for temple in abu dhabi foreign ministry
urge indians to give standing ovation !
hashtag num ways in which pm modi received a fancy welcome
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url
is al maktoum really meeting modi?
rt handle what none dare of achieving in their wildest dream,a temple in abu dhabi, namo made it possible in one visit hashtag
handle arey that modi speech
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra hashtag hashtag hashtag best part i liked in hashtag speech. hashtag
rt handle hashtag narendra modi takes over the front pages of uae newspapers url url
click here know moreurl url
handle handle no need people like modi
feeling proud on our pm modi. hope our friends in opposition url
modi now back to indian issues
handle let world tour finish first pushpak viman is ready for another country namo namo
rt handle namo is fearless. he has talked everything in great detail. he is speaking his heart out. handle handle handle
rt handle pm modis visit will be an honour for our country president sirisena at the joint press meet with pm handle
one day we will tell our grandchildren that we were alive when modi made num crore indians feel their chests swell with pride.
rt handle .handle even in j&k grounded in inclusive sufi culture, the islamic state has begun to establish presence http
a player nt a commentator hashtag
rt handle pm hashtag wishes keralites on occasion of hashtag hashtag url url
during elections, namo barked alott on gujarat cheapest model. why not trying jumlas in other countries.
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm modis address to indian diaspora in dubai hashtag url
thank you ali. this is why i love you. who is modi to talk about terrorism. remember when he presided over a > url
never imagined hashtag will be a big hit. it shows how muslims in india have been misguided by their own leaders about namo.
thousands of muslims cheering num modi in uae todaynd modi need not wear skull cap
rt handle haha! brilliant! url
probably the only country of the world that still doesnt respect narendra modi and his ideas is india.
and he cant score num url
skull cap obsessed secularspoliticians in india got the shock of their life for the treatment modi received in uae,its out of pure respect
handle was that for modi ji
rt handle modi offers $numtrn investment opportunities url
you mean handle, like what happened in madison square gardens? lol hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rtunsc seat rejected.
ndtv pm modi addresses a num,numstrong indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium. url url
pmos next big plan is to enable the differently abled
hats off to modi ji and prince of uae for giving land for temple
cricket team has num players to attract public but now heres only num modi in dubai cricket stadium hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle now why wud you want num fdi in rubber & coffee plantations? hashtag hashtag
rt handle and modi govt min is saying ppl living in border area r now more secure
choicest images prime minister narendra modis twoday visit to uae. url
num. modi welcomed in mosque
why did pm modi feel ashamed in uae? url via handle
all it needs nris to make some calls to their known ones in india. just ask how is modi doing as a pm. your craze will end right there.
rt handle modi magic in uae. hashtag
modi working fr num num fr betterment of indian people .he sacrifice his personal life fr nation .u are true son of bharat mata. hashtag
handle handle i know hashtag is making you feel out but i am here emoticon
handle handle great modi ji
give them time. it may be hard but they will come up with something that disrespects diseased & condemns innocent url
rt handle such support num modi by ind muslims in dubai, realized its only msm n sickular leaders who turn hindumuslims against each ot
rt handle few months ago modi ji announced that the citizens of many countries will get visa on arrival at indian airports n its no
hashtag commiespresstitutesliberals see with your eyes wide open the support&appeal of namo,his charisma has taken world by surprise.
rt handle pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan url
modi has no virtue, he is a den of vice. india is unfortunate to have him as pm. handle handle
one of the most amazing speeches by narendra modi in dubai live now, greatest advantage of our pm is that he really can speak very well.
lolz! dear pakistan, u are being slapped very hard every two minutes by pm modi hashtag
he is just irritated that he wont get this kind of importance, ever and anywhere, in his life. url
sapnaagarwalnum drswetanum
rt handle modi needs to stop sleeping and getting fat. url
handle the news from out here in the centre is that india has won the toss and mr. modi will now speak.
handle handle handle first time in indian defence history namo giving more interest on army, but these ppl r
rt handle have instructed indian embassy in abu dhabi to resolve issues with emigrant system narendra modi
there ws call centernum help indian in distress in foreign country.this ws discounted by modi sarkar.restart is welcme url
that is why they are trending jumlababu url
its never before marhaba modi all the way in dubai. handle hashtag hashtag
happy that last month we spoke to these groups and asked to join the mainstream narendra modi
today is a live example that modi is not limited to a community or religion he is loved by all indians hashtag handle handle
imf, world bank forecast num.num per hashtag hashtag for hashtag in num business, news url hashtag url
rt handle hashtag hitting hard where it should. namo very cleverly mentioning all padosis
pak kills our jawans, we feed them biryani modi in trichy via handle url
uae govt allots land to build hindu temple in abu dhabi, narendra modi welcomes decision url
plz ask handle handle they know better abt pakistanis hashtag url
rt handle just to refresh everyones knowledge
un hasnt been able to define terrorism properly till now pm hashtag url url
rt dna live watch pm modi in uae will launch satellite that will help saarc nations pm modi url
what a moment in uaehow modi deals with such pressure and expectations hashtag
terror has no boundaries. good terrorism or bad terrorismthis wont work pm handle hashtag url
handle handle meaning of patriotism these days join aap>become aaptard>promote kejri the thug>write and shout anti namo
pm narendra modi to inaugurate rs num,num crore road projects in bihar
rt handle handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
rt handle pm modi indulges in selfie diplomacy at sheikh zayed grand mosque url hashtag url
karthiknyc url nh case closed or not this modi chickenshit govt is gutless against sonia.did he go around campaignin
dear hashtag. shift the venue of hashtag meeting elsewhere, lest handle chooses to come to hashtag & people shout modi modi
read dthread.they are the same people who still believe modi is a regional leader with no influence outside gujarat. url
uae assured modi to support indian permanent seat at the unmodi announced
in may num, indians voted for clear majority government after num years narendra modi
marhaba modi chants in dubai.burnol moment fr sickulars,libtards,aaptards and congresstards hashtag hashtag url
i hope those who were complaining that modi didnt mention terrorism in the numth aug speech are listening to him url
handle handle all these sonia rant are fine except that bjp and modi dont have guts to stand her . fact only dr swamy can
handle handle handle thw champ is here love you modi ji
rt handle modi sir,smoking area is quite small & congested at dubai international airport.can u pls include this in agenda of di
narendra modi promotes yoga in china through his weibo social media account url
handle handle tum jitna modi ke khilaf bologe, tum utna daldal mein girte jaoge. u have been rejected by team india emphatically.
piyunum url rt babubhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi d
i want this stuff url hashtag
uff hashtag aur jali tch tch
handle crack down on veterans is slowly infuriating strong namo supporters. this is definitely not the way how these fellows r treated.
hashtag modi addressing western mangalore and kerala now.
handle bomb blast happened because modi didnt wear sickular topi!
handle handle do you remember modi rally in delhi during delhi elections? emptyit was all stage managed
rt handle dear handle ji pl dont leave nh case with handle . it is being sabotaged to let sonia n pappu go free url
bt modi says islam terrorism!
rt handle namo visits grand mosque n gets a land alloted num temple .how magical is his visit for indians .thank u pm
india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investments url via handle hashtag
diyar handle also tell us you stalled it for many years, we have handle speech in the rs url
modi should start his speech in urdu
india proud of expatriates modi url url
rt handle modi going hard against terrorism is a good thing to hear. hope to see him work towards it when hes back. hashtag
all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to anybody pm modi
a historical event for uae
handle handle hashtag if you agree modi jee ko hashtag klie jameen allocate hogi,i wish waha temple,church & gurudwara bhi bane
yum yo dee aayi. hashtag spelling out hashtag hashtag
hashtag pm modi speaking about indias relationship with hashtag hashtag hashtag url
live pm modi highlights govt.s initiatives in his address to indian diaspora in dubai url url
pm modis malyalam as bad as mine. hashtag . enjoying speech. how much is num.num lakh crore.i think numb dollars
the land for swaminarayan temple in hashtag was donated in num and not on request or a gesture for modi hashtag hashtag
hahaha and allow the pakistanis to throw some bombs, that would be very secular lol url
rt handle did modis visit really lead to allocation of temple land in abu dhabi? url
brilliant handle vs hashtag indians understand the fate of handle,there friends handle & tmc url
wonderful speech by modi ji salute to the energy nd enthusiasm hashtag
handle handle too much exposure is making modi boring now
hashtag and hashtag plan to create a $num billion fund to invest in indian infrastructure url hashtag
handle handle handle handle handle didnt cong and other parties mps humiliate modi by wrtg to u.s. for declining visa
hashtag rahul gandhi cant manage to get numk people in rallies in india whereas modi attracts huge numk in another country rtd
live on hashtag indias pm narendra modi in uae live url
hashtag hashtag everywhere url
given modis star performances he should become the ftii director. and end the controversy.
rt handle i always believed that kejriwal is a step ahead of modi. modi had a suit with his name written on it, kejriwal has who
the cow is raising its tail url
rt handle namo greeted all malayalis new yr wishes in malayalam
pm handle to address marhaba namo event in hashtag shortly url
modi aaj *crowd screams*
lmao. us democracy? its a sham. unlike cuban, venezuelan, russian and iranian democracy. url
modi speaks as he has solved every problem in india but on ground it still is a underdeveloped country hashtag
no names, but pm modis dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didnt mention pakistan, url
handle pm modi rocks in dubai uae to invest rs.num.numlackscrores in india url
rt handle handle handle blow to congress.bjp exported num people for modi ji dubai event. url
time india stood on own feet url
this is hilarious. the entire evening i was asked by diff indians to comment on pm modis dubai speech. i didnt since i havent seen it. +
rt handle kejri went to uae for his party fund
congratulations pm narendra modi ji for getting permission for temple at abu dhabi and investments worth num.num lac crores
modi is on fire! another potshot at congress! says cong pm never visited nepal for num years! hashtag
rt handle modi ministers spend over num cr on hotel stay in num year wich is much more than wat upa spent in num years url
handle modi sir i wish i had a chance to meet ubut not tat lucky m i
handle fight for prime time slot with namo telecast at the same time
handle handle kai modi ji fokkey fire marr rahhey are his claims are is false
aa craze chusthunte mental ekkepothundi not less than any film star modi you are rock star ya hashtag
rt handle yeah just look at me, i came to national mainstream so much that i became pm! url
handle more than hashtag fanshaters are watching hashtag closely handle
but hashtag continues to roam around the world.
just in pm modi addresses indian diaspora in uae hashtag
rt handle frankly speaking it is modi all the way in bihar part num the analy url
hashtag govt has not provided safety & security to muslim minorities in india, & shamelessly goes towards muslims hashtag to beg funds.
handle i dont know if you also keep these stats but after becoming pm, how many days has modi spent in india and out of india?
now that abudhabi gave land for temple to modi, will rss bjp withdraw from babri masjid?
have discussed problem of school admissions with officials here narendra modi
als pm is such a pushover. where did the num inch chest go?
handle handle i think the media walas want to divert attention from todays event of namo. want to create an outrage on twitter .
goods india follow us handle url
no one trolls like modi
rt handle handle handle handle modi jee is leader of era. congress will face split soon.
in upa time num.num cr ac were opened and modi raj num.num cr in one year ! url
rt handle i have heard frm inside sources that its $num million each above num years of age and half a million num bron but below num. https
modis foray to gulf and west asia is the beginning of a new and historic chapter in indias strategic manoeuvring! hashtag hashtag
now what we like narendra modi pm indian point of pride with us from the indian take place. har har modi url
handle m a hindu rss pracharak n a bjpian anything else liking or disliking modi ji is not the issue promises made handle
rt handle friend in dubai sayspeople taking a leave from office to attend pm modis address to indian diaspora in dubai on numth.aug.
rt handle tweets suggest that namo has arrived in the stadium. but kumkum bhagya is on air. pragya is to arrive, apparently after b
.handle thousand of indian work forcefully in middle east. they need help. they dont have passport there. do pl url
seeing modi in dubai i also want to become prime minister of india. hashtag hashtag hashtag
this is the stadium in dubai where pm modi will address beloved indians. hashtag url
rt handle hope pm narendra modis oratory skills set the standard for pms, cms and our politicians of the future. hashtag handle
hashtag modi it took num years for an indian pm to come here
hey handle n handle learn num address pm, he is not mr modi he is pm modi u bastards
declare hashtag implementation date immediately, hashtag karat urges narendra hashtag url url
modi in backfoot because of alleged corrupt deals really? is this article about lalit modi? url
with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list url
it has been our endeavour to take india to greater heights narendra modi
handle if u want to waste ur time with nonsense calculations u can carry on. namo is pm of india whole so what u mean by bhakt
handle you sickularist will cry now saying modi is trying to saffronise uaehashtag
rt handle super stone cold stunnerrattle snake url
fund for people in jail? is modi rooting for criminals? hashtag
handle handle love u modi
really impressed that modi keeps saying crown prince & not shezada. smart man.
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister na url
muslims in the crowd also cheering for modi. adarsh librals have tough days ahead. hashtag
marhaba namo forward together hashtag url via handle
handle i dont kno y i follow u though i hate jokes abt modi. i jst want givin him num full years bfore judging him
plenty of pakistanis also present in hashtag cricket stadium chanting modi modi
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modinahyan talks, uae to back url
but why didnt any hashtag visit even when so many hashtag lived there. url
modi has some capacity to talk, man. hashtag
handle trust you get your facts right dear emoticon url
grt. show by modi in dubai. and also congrats num immigrant who hve made this show a success.
num) which is the best scheme introduced by modi government
modi has great ideas but execution is missing want to gift him ram charan execution bol mat bas kar handle
modi knows all buttons to press praising crown prince, talking malayalam, massaging crowds ego with lavish praise. hashtag
i like modi ji dil sa parnam
handle modi magic bihar election speech. hashtag
packed stadium wid numk crowd,numk waiting outside, &only numchants,bharat mata ki jay,& modi modi
handle dumbos dont know what to ask. dont know anything beyond namo bashing.
hashtag cultural performances at dubai stadium ahead of modis address to indian diaspora in dubai hashtag
rt handle modi addresses expat indians; witnessing a mini india in dubai
irony of india there could be a hindu temple in uae but it is hard to have hashtag in ayodhya hashtag hashtag
rt handle .handle writes to hashtag, blames ed chief of scuttling probe in national herald case url url
handle modi is looking so gay
prime minister, narendra modi with the vicepresident and prime minister of uae, h h mohammed bin rashid al maktoum url
modimodi in dubai cricket stadium, uae never seen such huge & massive response for any state head like hashtag url
what is this supposed to laugh hashtag url
rt handle can never forget the love and welcome that i got from crown prince. the love is not directed to a person but to the num cr in
url num peoplerocking dubainarendra modimodi rocksgress shocks
i hope handle takes part in this poll, which is more scientific than any research published in any newspaper. url
every floor in my building apartment is listening to modis speech.
its not anger, its jealousy! theres no medicine for it. url
if this is not serious working then what will be. no rest, straight to home country url
mr.modi initiate huge muhimeffort to connect all indian who are in india or outside india. thanks hashtag handle
modi always tries to fool people that he build the nation in last one year.
the megalomania at display in the intro video of hashtag in dubai is embarrassing. market mover, youth icon, seasoned statesman? wtf.
pm modi in uae india, uae will cooperate in peaceful uses of nuclear energy hashtag
hence no more modified tweets !
hashtag hashtag how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy url hashtag hashtag
handle i just dont understand what congress is saying. pm modi spoke the truth
hashtag gods avatar hashtag bcame handle mom hashtag ws a nation o losers ashamed of bn born here! handle handle handle
rt handle namo is saying all the things in uae that are forbidden to say in india rtd
handle handle mr vikas, twitter is not for putting entire statement. as it is being rt by mr modi we became fed up.put it num twt
rt handle a handful of journalists routinely deliver judgements on everything, so why should the babus not judge tv channels? httpsemoticon
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with the url
and thats the bottom line that modi setups
handle indians fondly remember nehru,shastri, pvnr (for eco) & vajpayee. but modi is different he knows how to grab moments!
rahul gandhi should worry about robert vadra lalit modi url via handle
nice and great specch url
tune any news channel
pm modi accused antinationalist ngos, of harbouring antinational agenda! but nomedia highlight. hashtag
this is something incredible! such fanfare! rockstar modi! hashtag hashtag
tune to handle to see namo live speech to indians in dubai hashtag
rt handle id definitely start respecting narendra modi if he works instead of just travelling and talking.
rt handle parl logjam by pappu & chamchas was done to take d sheen off pm modibut d opposite seems to hv happened! strategy backfir
australia to participate in govts clean ganga programme, to assist in capacity building
rt handle may be modi thinks prime ministership is akin to a bollywood movie. act as much as you can. throw in some item numbers as
rt handle secularists will be in deep mourning and frenzied chestbeating for a long time. the uaes rulers have turned communal (nam
how can we forget late p v narsimha rao, guru of atal ji, the then pm of india who kick started the nuclear issue url
hahaha lmao , bhakts are super good in entertaining us url
rahul baba will attract many more than num in dubai. people love handle comedy more than modis speech handle hashtag
connection between bihar elections & modi in dubai handle handle handle see the connection you bhakts. emoticon url
such a massive crowd in dubai cricket stadium. cant say modi is giving speech or tendulkar is batting in india pakistan match.hashtag
before mr narendra modi, the prime minister of url
given modis visit to a mosque and his bonhomie with leaders from uae, waiting for sakshi maharaj to send modi to pakistan
narendra modi visits the uae, becomes first prime minister to visit in num years. narendra modi app url
dubai cricket stadium turns festive for showman hashtag. this indian pm surely knows how to create a big buzz! hashtag hashtag
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation pm modi in dubai url
handle ghazi modi may visit isis for different reasons. collect his $$ for supporting em by silence
what is wrong with some people why dont they just cant understand that mr narendra modi is best option india have today.he is a great.
you dont need to go convent school to understand what modi means to say that .ideat url
handle handle whys modi all mein mein mein mein mein i think hes loosin base big time! just count the no of times he said mein
handle handle handle great and warm welcome of modi is
modi aaj bihar elec. cam
ha, ha rt handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
handle now wait for media spin after advani, a diehard namo bhakt calls him event manager. all glitter, no substance.
rt handle modis malayalam was far better than $onias hindi. hashtag
modis strike rate seems more than handle in ipl num dubai.
bc mc bc pagal hi ho yaar == url
the people who used to criticize modi earlier have also started praising him.
even the mosques in the arabia are celebrating shri narendra modis visit by bathing in the saffron color url
rt handle this is something incredible! such fanfare! rockstar modi! hashtag hashtag
modi referring to nepal in his speech in dubai url
handle after doing a peace pact with a freedom fighting organisation from north east modi found lecturing others on good and bad talibans
every time modi ji speaks i expect the speech to last num minutes a la independence day rtp
rt handle modi sarkar is as spineless as a maggi noodle. it has been neutralised in num minutes flat. hashtag
handle hate of modi is giving you double chin, do some yoga exercises or your value will go down among page num party circuit.
handle india, uae govt close relationship a message to pakistan foreign diplomacy url
awesome words of modi jis speech at uae, we proud to be an indian
num degrees in dubai during namos speech
handle handle handle elf mabrook to his highness and pm modi. allah maak
mr hashtag there is four more years for the next general election
hashtag hope modi was sensible enough to tell uae that his definition of terror does not include samjhauta blast
modi ji hitting four and sixes at dubai international cricket stadium well played sir
waiting for hashtag to trend soon !
i care about every indian, except the ones in india
modi is talking revenge of asia cup by trolling bangladesh and pakistan hashtag
if its rains in india, people in dubai will open up an umbrella. that close they are modi handle
this is absolutely true . url
suresh ji all charged up after the modi speech.
hashtag hashtag terror what are gmos? understanding genetically modi url see more url
muslims starting to worry about handle hindu extremism. url handle handle handle handle
modi visits num countries in num months prime minister narendra modi has visited num countries i url handle
rt handle no indian pm visited an imp country like uae for num years thats shocking
pm narendra modi leaves for delhi after a pathbreaking visit.
ha ha hatrolling the crooks url
handle handle url the original
modi in dubai trust between uae and india will last for generations url hashtag
handle dear khaleej times. are u seriously journalists? we in india not used to any +ve reporting of modi by any media. good job.
few weeks ago dad asked me what swagger meant. today i told him modi has swagger and he got it. hashtag
handle hashtag congress z always having with our pm they never like n tolerate others in power modi best achievement in num day tour
handle yes he has broken new seal of not gulf u idiot rajdeep modi bhakt . u want to become minister send your we
krk on twitter it was decided in num that the temple will be built in abu dhabi so how modi ji ha url
rt handle the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism or perpetrators o
the greatest orator of the present day. he weaves magic always. hashtag hashtag hashtag url
india & canada anthems with pm modi and pm harper shweta subram url via handle
its a houseful ! dubai cricket stadium resounding with modimodiincredible atmosphere. hashtag url
rt handle pm narendra modi visits indians in uae labourcamp url
rt url atheistkrishna shitty article i read till date. & only fp can post this shit
being a muslims hated modi, how he visited uae, why
sometimes modi acts like that neighbourhood aunty who praises her kids but always has bad things to say about other kids in the colony.
its threatened by a num pound, num year hunger striking, dying man, and people call it the worlds greatest super power? pathetic! hashtag
thank you handle .handle at his best. must read n i totally agree with him url
rt handle i wish handle had gone to abudhabi with a photooo of modi asking people have you seen this man? i miss tha
pm modi concludes his address amid echoing chants of bharat mata ki jai url
rt handle i am grateful that uae has supported indias bid for permanent seat in unsc narendra modi ji hashtag
rt handle rajdeep right now constipated & hearing modis speech hashtag url
we love u modi ji (from muslims) hashtag url
certainlyanother blockbuster visittargeting napakand giving a message to world over terrorism url
rt handle i am seeing a miniindia before me right here in hashtag, says pm modi. hashtag hashtag hashtag
this is huge than madison
rt handle indian diaspora started preparing for namos uae visit much in advance. such is the craze of pm modi. hashtag http
hashtag live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium prime minister naren url hashtag
handle congress is offended with all these facts pm modi has stated today, we are not. hashtag
rt handle live we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi in dubai url
hashtag relations more strongerpm modi in uae
rt handle dubai , i have always thought , how this paradise could come up in desert. narendra modi. hashtag
this is not did by modi power already uae donates temple at num . dont potrate fake news
hashtag decisions are made at table only not with bombs guns n wars namo on the path of gandhi
there is a season burn, burn, burn
did you asked modi for rebuilding of babri mosque? i hope you will handle
hashtag receives hashtag url hashtag url
bhai speech is awsmmodi is good but peoples in govt is just make it down
modi presents $num trillion investment opportunites in india to uae url
for todays speech in uae
rt handle hashtag sometime back congies had asked why modi wants to go to pakistan. he replied today. any dispute can be resolved
rt handle rahul baba will attract many more than num in dubai. people love handle comedy more than modis speech handle
handle handle handle the modi magic
cc handle handle handle
modi have been victims of terrorism for num years. handle
rt handle so while modi ji was having bonhomie with sheikhs in dubai today, friend adani was signing a billion $$+ deal with ommen chand
handle islamabad may suffer stroke. its big defeat of pak diplomacy. now v see our army hired by uae to safeguard them. kudos to modi
guys modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! hashtag
modi gave us freedom in num we forgot oops url
hashtag visit india, hashtag to crack down on hashtag, hashtag
handle handle handle somebody is an ace bullshiter ? lots of other holes in modis speech as usual url
when ask to little kid of num.num yrs old ke kaun bol rha hai, he said hashtag
handle handle handle me too apolitical but fan of modi and hate modihaters. simple !
pm modi disappoints supporters with lowkey speech [newdelhi,dl] via yahoo url
a show like nobody can put up, awesome show namo ji truly appreciate your magnetic personality
modi trolling bangladesh. taking revenge of no ball. hashtag
india, uae given clear signal on terrorism
pride of india. pm of india. narendra modi hashtag
watch live pm modis independence day address to the nation
rt handle fact modi has num million followers on twitter
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law board url hashtag hashtag
rt handle sheikh heard num indians died in loc firing yesterday
rt handle is modi speaking on behalf of india or self? is he just narendra modi? or indias prime minister? hashtag
first time saw pm modi sweat! opposition ashamed. hashtag benamed! hashtag hashtag
rt the hindu live pm modi highlights govt.s initiatives in his address to indian diaspora in dubai url
rt handle modi ji doing the srk pose! hashtag hashtag hashtag url
hashtag has $num tn hashtag hashtag, hashtag tells hashtag url
dear handle , please take a note aap mla handle insulted namos father.
rt handle i wish indians in dubai a happy independence day narendra modi
num quotes from pm modis independence day speech
connectivity plays a huge role in development, europe is a fine example narendra modi
first hindu temple to come up in dubai, only hashtag can do this hashtag
pm hashtag addressing the gathering at the indian community reception in dubai cricket stadi url url
this lady is a bigger joke than modi ji emoticon url
plz voted narendra modi jiii
live ive standing ovation to crown prince for temple, says pm modi url
rt handle india is not the actual land of islam, arab countries are. url
he used the significance of new year day of kerala calendar to woo keralites in uae url
handle handle handle oh come onhow can u praise modiboss soniaji will be v unhappy
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odi and now num modi. handle handle handle
handle sahasrabuddhe ji address at the launch of panch kranti abhiyan organised by handle url hashtag
watching narendra modi at dubai sports cityinternational cricket stadium url
rt handle after seeing left pic bhakts right wants modi to stop tweeting further selfies
rt handle namo lives up to his rockstar aura yet again. hashtag
rt handle not only in india but modi wave works in whole world. pic from dubai hashtag url
you hv got some awesome replies url
rt handle pm modi left for india a short while ago. but here are the highlights of what he said in dubai
hashtag the uproar of indians from all over the world clearly depicts how happy we are with modi being the ray of hope for better india
handle if modi can win elec on gujraat model why owaisi cant get votes on hyderabad model what.they have done very good works in hb
handle u done a great job maam bfore dis tweet u known only num sunanda tharoor murder mystery but now u get famous.thanks to modi hai na
rt handle modi rchd outnumblue collar workers in gulf.their socalled saviors like muslim league, cpm, congies etc all r afraid emoticon hashtag
rt handle shame shame shame on you. shame on you prime ministerure spraying acid on the wounds of num cr indians said modi
lalit modi reaction to this picture hashtag hashtag url
now after num pm nobody will trend this topic hashtag coz at numpm there will be only one sound hashtag hashtag hashtag
great crowd chanting modi modi modi
rt handle .handle remittances from the uae total over $num billion (rs num,num crore) annually url
i nvr believed envy is greenthen i heard con spokies
has pm modi reached out to the muslim world? url hashtag hashtag
the naga accord is an example of what modi can do in hashtag url
whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u or u r paid to hate. hashtag
happy to see people all over the world recognize their goodness in mindhappy to see namo nano in dubai
arvind kejriwal ji has also met sheikhs of uaend brought money for his party
whats tragic is, some people wish ill for their own country only to justify their modi hatred! shameless creeps.
it doesnt matter modi is in india or out of india lots of spectators come to listen superman of india hashtag handle
hashtag everyone who criticised namo should see what he has done for india even outside the country why couldnt any body else do it
mr.kerry lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit url
rt handle modi now talks about make in india, skill india, digital india. handle
rt handle if not for modi being in the uae can you imagine the all muslims are terrorists jibes because of the bomb blast in a temple
what a start to mondays prime time no politician shouting at each other as everybody was listening hashtag uniting speech by pm modi
tl is filled with modis speech.
rt handle i nvr believed in hypnotismthen thr was namo & his audience
face palm for those who used to said, who knows hashtag beyond gujrat hashtag hashtag url
rt handle o ho ho ho ho
rt handle all i know is that hashtag now needs to deal with closer to home issues.
rt handle modi ji digitally signs visitors book at masdar city.
handle u r bashing modi u had to. why r ur chaddi becoming peeli u r a terrorist supporter.
rt handle uaes power and indias potential can make the dream of an asian century a reality pm narendra modi to investors hashtag
rt handle pm modis wellintentioned statements cannot be restricted to rhetoric only. actions needs to match intention. hashtag
rt handle waiting for sickos to say all pride & ego of modi has immersed into chilled water. @ past it was communal modi. hypocri
its a proud moment its none other than an indian prime minister hashtag who has inspired them all url
what on earth does this mean url
rt handle cannot believe. its news hour time and arnab is actually allowing modi to speak. hashtag
which insurance company? why govt cannot offer safe living? shocking? url
after hashtag, modi government to launch hashtag to help differently abled people.
pm modi condemns twin bomb blast in bangkok outside lord brahma temple url
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin dna url url hashtag
indian pm modi in mideast (modi focuses on foreign investments inindia) url
modi in uae live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring url
modi on his way to be a global leader hashtag
rt handle modis leap of vision is india ready for a larger role? url hashtag
rt handle a gift dedicated to modis mother.hats off akbar saheb hashtag url
handle modi ji just now !
url hashtag pm modi jis rally tomorrow at numpm in bihar. hashtag hashtag
why isnt there an indian flag in the picture handle ? url
hubby cant do it now bcoz it is namo raj now, not cong raj like then. url
bt modi says islam terrorsm! url
rt handle i am proud of my pm url
modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate
what namo did in num months?num million people finally got a representative and a proper leader. hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle hashtag ten former service chiefs write to pm narendra modi seeking justice on implementation of hashtag
feeling proud. hashtag
thats what i meant jai url
live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi url hashtag hashtag
just bringing live thoughts for new relationship building of faith one can believe that everything going in right d url
ye pm hai ya hakeem emoticon
rt handle handle ps. following pm modi & uae trip
hashtag hashtag pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister naren url hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm modi will set up counseling camp from time to time wherever indians live hashtag
handle once weak advani. followed by hollow rajnath, under the weakest pm modi. where
i am witnessing a miniindia in dubai today pm modi url
hashtag became hashtag and promoting hashtag in hashtag this is the big set back for hashtag people . url
rt handle hashtag is superhero jubilant crowds throng hashtag stadium for hashtag address url url
it takes lot of dare to confront terrorism & taliban from gulf soil. hashtag has done it with ferocity. great leader. hashtag hashtag
lalit modi & robert vadra url
modi ~im here man . who are you focussing ? url
rt handle traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill url url
all i say am at my home but feeling like am top of world (y) url
modi fied uae history in the making , i am here url
handle jis. success,bitter pill for hashtag to swallow. especially for opposition handle url
rt handle madhuri dixit is watching modis speech but instead of modi! modi!, all she hears is mohini! mohini! mohini!
rt handle handle indeed a marvel on the earth handle url
handle handle handle thats very true.
handle handle handle coming from a guy who uses a prototype handle created under jumla becho campaign by narendra bhai modi
rt handle hashtag love him or hate himnamo rules the entire indian landscape. his only msgfeel proud to be an indian handle
rt handle in his first iday speech, pm modi paid tribute to past govts. but when he is abroad, he belittles efforts of mmsabv etc.
he is a great event manager he succeeded in hiding all mischief done by his party. url
every time modi gives a speech and takes a pause i feel he will say if you smell lalalala what modi is cooking hashtag hashtag
rt handle apparently dawood features as an important agenda in pm modi and dovals visit to dubai dossier & tel con being handed ove
wherever hashtag sit we can see smoke after seeing popularity of hashtag all over the world. url
we dnt go near to hashtag bcoz of these sheikh nd shiekhs of arab signe strategic deals with modi url
handle,modi bhakts will lash at u if you suggest modi has george bush for company! handle handle handle hashtag
the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism or perpetrators of terrorism pm modi
rt handle handle blame modi not else. thats his fault if he trusts thugs handle handle handle handle
rt handle uae economy minister, speaking after meeting with pm modi, says uae open to meeting any demand for oil from india
modi again attacks previous governments, congress slams him masdarnew delhi prime url url
curious to listen namo
handle handle u dont have to worry abour namo is already ther u only think about future of handle and handle
handle handle handle its good one achievements if modi
handle antinational? we so proud of our pm. obama only wants boys to marry. namo go kiss boys heself.
handle handle r u a hidden namo bhakt? if so , confess! sagarika is a noble soul, she must have her own reasons!
handle handle goodbye our respected n beloved pm modi n ur team. hv a safe journey. you have made us feel proud n happiest.
newly added perfect modi to drive through indian energy reforms url
awaiting an inspirational speech from honourable pm handle hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag welcomes you mr modi hashtag have a prosperous visit, enjoying the richness in our arabic culture and url
just think as opponent of narendra modi, how depress you can be after watching this kind of rally with indian diaspora
stopped following handle , women really thinks indian history began in may num !
every week, more than num flights land. it took num years for an indian pm. why num year for modi. why didnt he go on his numst day?hashtag
no, thats not a cricket matchthese people are waiting for narendra modi url
handle handle handle muslims and sickulers will never digest modi being the pm
rt handle so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation pm modi in dubai ht
rt handle naveen hashtag to zee media if rahul hashtag is flop, then nobody knows hashtag outside hashtag
modi talks about his time when he used to sell tea to compare costs of his insurance plans. seems like preelection days. num+ minutes now.
nothing wrong in pm modi saying in dubai that his predecessors really looted & destroyed india.is it not true, sonia and pappu are jokers ?
humne maldives ko pyasa nahi merne diya credit claiming agn n agn f
india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investment url
you know for nris emergency number handle handle url
rt handle after modis speech in canada congress said they will send their representative to each country modi goes.who has gone to ua
rt handle pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
see the minority croud for his
modi. a master of sly. hashtag
congressis are pissed that pm modi took a dig at them on foreign soil by saying he inherited lethargy from url
rt handle hashtag today in hashtag, i am seeing a minihashtag pm handle begins his speech url h
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb url hashtag hashtag
even fighters against biased laws are there in dubai
hashtag started emigrate portal to address problems of indian pm hashtag url url
india was hit equivalent to tsunami in congress rule, it takes time to recover for such severe shock. hashtag hashtag handle
rt handle hashtag over num,num people await pm hashtag arrival at hashtag cricket stadium live url ht
online platform called maddad to connect indian diaspora around the world pm hashtag url url
handle please ask them your queries url
maroof has mastered the technique of ignoring arnabs intervention and makes his point. he should train others emoticon url
rt handle pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url
rt handle it has taken num years for an indian pm to come to uae narendra modi
hashtag in uae india is the new alexander.
hashtag twitter reacts to prime minister narendra modis speech url
muslims of usaustraliacanadauae chanting modimodi & bldy sickulars congis & aapturds asses on fire.
narendra modi copying url
loved the speech of sir modi handle
handle nothing much all eyes on dxb sortie of pm modi
dubai madness for a politician ! wow !
handle namo makes india proude
rt handle pm modi offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to uae thats huge. if it happens india will soar to unprecedented h
rajdeep has blocked me. but as usual misplaced faith. lol url
look at the kinda reception modi is receiving! this is just wow! hashtag hes clearly the fav of the younger generation.
it feels lyk there is cricket match in which the team is of modi,players r modi,fans r modi ,so much love hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle handle need to rt this grnum video of modi
handle handle wish u keep the success forever to bharat.maburuk modi ji congrats to courageous speech
(pic from redfort, yesterday)
handle ha ha ha how u all congis are so damn scared of namo
handle handle modi showing utmost respect to the national flag url
rt handle all it needs nris to make some calls to their known ones in india. just ask how is modi doing as a pm. your craze will end r
live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi hindustan times url hashtag
rt handle okay, so mr hashtag has charmed hashtag govt in alloting land for a temple in abu dhabi. good job. anything to report on hashtag
rt handle it is abominable that pm modi continues his pathetic lowbrow jibes at opposition partys when abroad. a huge embarrassment.
modi in dubai live indian prime addresses the gathering url hashtag
rt handle pm invokes pride in india. not because of modi, he says, but bcoz of num cr ppl. handle
pm modi has last word in this govt ,but go get it all are waiting,because world tour still lasts ? last word lost in lust of world ha! ha!
handle modi in dubai congress slams pm for attacking upa on foreign soil handle
handle handle those who think modi hit a six he knows how to take credit. handle handle handle url
it amazing to see such response url
hashtag supreme court, narendra modi government of india, pronob mukherjee president of in url via handle
modi visit india uae to crack down on terrorism radicalisation url url
rt handle its a shame that despite being a muslim, you are supporting modi hashtag url
modi in uae. watching live on handle . feeling hashtag
beware of handle he will come up with a diff definition for this picture. url
there r num countries whr no indian pm visited ever. u can go globetrotting to all these num countries.
rt handle a group of major americawestchurch funded hashtag which worked hard to stop modi ji in jan num url
mr. fm, youre letting down image of mr. modi by sitting on implementation of o
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation abu dhabi, aug num in a move signalling th url
cos it works in their favor to keep it flexible! hashtag handle url
rt handle rt handle handle handle handle
modi arey hum toh pyaar se crown prince hi bula lege
only pm modi can speak this loud n firm confident
hashtag modi talks of taking india forward, infrastructure, satellites, good relations no secularism. thundering ovation
hashtag namo modimodi u are really awesomewatching ur speech liveawesome work done by you for bharatjai hind
the modi of old uses a global platform to raise the issue of hashtag.
rt handle hashtag dear crown prince. due to modi we got hashtag in india. keep him in uae for few years he will bring you hashtag
handle, you are strategically deviating modi focus to uae.
rt handle hashtag pm narendra modi calls for startup india, stand up india url url
every politician has just one dream these days to become an hashtag like handle. the world is now looking upto hashtag. hashtag
handle handle handle till todays modi speech sachins batting vs aus in num at sharjah was d best performance by an indian in uae.
from tea stall to dubai .
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment url hashtag
rt handle full stadium view hashtag hashtag hashtag url
watch live pm narendra modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
a very welcome appeal by narendra modi for permanent unsc seat. frail britain and france can be dere. why cant we. hashtag
just like gujarat was all celebratory when hashtag was hashtag, i see indians believing more in themselves with hashtag as hashtag!
modi sru smashd d stage in dubaiincrdble man wid visionary speech againhashtag reloaded
modi did the sachin today ! hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle just saw that indians even from muscat & kuwait have come to dubai to hear modi speak. hashtag
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi the crown url sps
nagaland had been suffering from insurgency. today, after num years, we held peace talks with those who engaged in terrorism modi
handle your tweet plagrised url
rt handle how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it url
bihar ko kya kya chayea. modi kal bihar aa rahe hain. please post the problems and other requirment of bihar
trump vs modi. fight! url
dear modi ji tell investors that past lazy govts only managed to make uae a top trading partner. you will make it topper partner emoticon
rt handle sad cong. backer handle was underwhelmed by modis iday speech. he was continuously overwhelmed by mms speeche
rt handle pm modi says thank dubai crown prince for allotting land to build a temple hashtag
sir shri handle ji awesome.
people are excited as if modi ji is going to dance on al habibi wallah wallah after the speech.
can understand feeling towards jetli typeshistory url
i swear the proverbial roof will come down thanks to mallu che
handle handle no need
rt handle laughed so hard at this, that little pee came out url
even the overwhelming reception of modi doesnt make me like dubai, they treat indians like piece of garbage. i hope, that changes.
rt handle modi govt is failing the upa govt that de controlled the petrol prices. benefit is not being given to consumers. https
handle handle handle handle if modi is a heroyou are the heros best trusted friend hashtag you are his backbone
rt handle handle breaking properties of dawood to be seized in dubai, uae. effect of modi visit.
shradha sharma such great speech of narendra modi in dubai. we all are luckey to have him. he is such a great lea url
rt handle security preparations in case riots break out at pm modi speech in dubai. its all peaceful with a festive atmosphere
handle the way you told the untold stories and i mst say u retold num the world. congrats.aadi shakti namo namah. bonne courage
rt handle be so awesome that you unite all your haters. narendra modi.
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url hashtag url
salute to pm shri modigreat speech in dubaiproud to be indian
pm modi thanks uae leadership for alloting land for building a temple in abu dhabi
hashtag inches roaring in dubai.
sorry state of indian media. url
rt handle breaking vineet jain of times now tweets on fm channel auctions . narendra modis message has hit home url
rt handle appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi url
rt handle meet hashtag mosque man who made the sheikhs roll out red carpet for pm url url
handle handle modi asking to give beema yojana to sisters on occasion of raksha bandhan
rt handle handle trolling himself. book launch hero, today zero, star modi, bekar himself, i am the best old mo
pmhandle handle hails uae prince for temple land
all hashtag hashtag on num side still namo also is heavy
modi there are num flights flying between india and uae a week. it took num years for a pm to take one! hashtag
hashtag pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
hashtag message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modi firstpost url
handle if namo remains the pm for next num yrs it will happen and in your lifetime emoticon
rt handle hashtag modi addresses indian diaspora in dubai live updates url
handle pm modi is the best ever prime minister of india !
rt handle it is d proof that num muslims voted num namo in num.they have understood their future is safe with namo govt. url
pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates. url hashtag
hashtag uaeindia modi visits uae, indian workers situation a major concern the indian premiers twoday visi url
marhaba namo forward together hashtag hashtag url
pm modi strong foundation laid for diplomatic ties to help future generations
he called indian people as slaves of gulf what the hell url
rt handle according to modi ji, if lalu prasad ji has become bigger criminal to destroy bihar with experience of jail then what abou
handle if election was the agenda, there too modi is well ahead of the commoners. they r thinking bihar & modi has reached kerala!
dear handle apply burnol u will b ok soon hashtag hashtag url
rt handle upa failed big on national security from sides of d border with poor relations
adarsh liberals then why does nt modi ji visit any islamic country?
who says muslims hate modi?
hashtag hashtag talks with hashtag hashtag url
handle handle damn hindus wearing skull caps at modi event lol
rt handle modi has no significant acheivements in last one year but he spoke as if done wonders. counting chickens before they h
watch live narendra modi reaches dubai cricket stadium
true, hashtag hashtag url
num,num hashtag to hashtag hashtag at hashtag hashtag event in hashtag url
handle sushma has bellary brothers lineage and jaitely has bcciipl scam n scandals in his kitty. good luck modi with such lietenants.
handle is modi already the most popular, most enthusing leader across the globe, ever?
of all the nris we see on tv on modi visits, the one in dubai seems to be the dumbest.
rt handle modi making many relevant points, but if i stay in dubai i want him to address issues concerning us. like he did in madison
waiting for the day when hashtag goes to israel and speaks with netenyahu. if frequency of these people matches then it cud change world order
modi ji has owned the dubai cricket ground.very much like sachin tendulkar did at sharjah in num.
arab prince promises for investment of num.num lakh crores in upcoming years.
how to remove context and flatten the excitement. hashtag url
madam, he has many of them, num+ of them, hope you dont forget bjp has num mps.
so wanna popular urself by like this irritating post,what do know about modi.u r mentally disabled drunk nd den write
but still gone no where
when you are out of your wits and dont know what to say
do they know how useless modis foreign visits are ?
handle handle handle handle handle handle i think its time we stop singing modi ji ki peeche kaya hai ?
the most loved and admired leader!
rahulbill is really skirting the line between love and hate for modi, capital chap
handle modi is following legacy of cong. cong has no face to spk on d issue.
is lalit modi helping sahara chief subrata roy get out of jail? former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner url
modi reads malayalam from cheat sheet, completely vindicates raga reading hinglish from his own.
rt handle modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate firstpost url hashtag
proves that hashtag has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage seclar poltics url
people uses to chant for handle sachin sachin !
exceptional orators. hashtag hashtag
rt timesnnumw yes! many innocents died in num emoticon
it seems he might end up teaching a thing or two to the political pundits on foreign policy. url
handle modi is pm ; but he is busy tweeting about being ashamed that no pm visited uae; modi shld stop criticism n start work
handle where is the modi wave indigestion alert! url
wow watching live namo speech
modi is claiming of settling border issue with bangladesh by giving land of assam. but the same bjp opposed when upa govt signed the treaty
rt handle fascist modi spreading hinduism by talking about rakhi festival in arab land. hashtag
hashtag modi killed many birds with one stonecongress, jdu etc not being able to just digest one mosque visit
hashtag looks like namo has made his inroads to kerala url
the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister narendra modi will ad hashtag
hashtag rocks in dubai
ajaynayaknum url rt rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
was this service hashtag ji said he will start confused can anyone solve dis riddle handle handle handle url
madison moment in dubai. modi modi chanting going ondubai chants marabha modifeeling awesome
rt handle & modi says hindu cant be terrorist
rt handle modi in dubai live major traffic jam around cricket stadium as people flock in url
chants of modi modi fill the air.
handle we indians are very much thankful to you for welcoming our beloved pm modi
rt handle more than num flights come to dubai every week. but it took an indian pm to come here after num years ~ pm modi at hashtag
handle handle handle and modi was one of them. lol
feeling sad for modi hatersbloody fuckers
hashtag with hashtag will definitely hashtag many in india hashtag hashtag hashtag url
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bom url
that it isnt so right now is a fault of vajpayee govt (num) and one year of modi govt. i think. url
handle handle modi ?or pm modi ? oye roadside editor he is election by public so learn how to respect pm.
modis speeches a potiential crowd puller
host & modi alone made that
rt handle modification no tokenism, no appeasement, just social empowerment of minorities, by handle
rt handle hashtag hashtag gear up for hashtag hashtag url url hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle get ready to watch hashtag live on hashtag. follow handle on twitter! hashtag hashtag
pm modi india is a country full of opportunities where num of people are below age num
tweets startng with though im a modi supporter should be banned. it generally means hey. dnt troll me for my idiotic tweet. im one of u!
not a single forign media showing modis visits.
newsupdate modi in dubai live stadium nearly full; people still pouring in url
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
handle handle modibaiters have been forced to eat humble crow;as hashtag grows from strength to strength,likes of saba whine away
handle pl comment emoticon url
rt handle democrats continue to delude themselves about obamas failed guantnamo vow url by handle
countdown begins num days aum namo vishnu govinda. url
jealous of modi ji. refects numm his tweets
handle congress flays handle on hashtag shelling in border areas
rt handle we lost that narendra modi who once sat in aap ki adalat & roared to the world that pakistan ko uski bhasa main jawaab dena
improve the quality of our infrastructure url
rt handle pm handle meets hashtag pm; discusses trade, investment url url
handle another insightful article. all your articles provide great opportunities for learning. thanks! url
around num,num ppl attended his speech.
num.num lakh croresthis is for all who wanted to know why modi has been travelling so much. hashtag
handle bhai making the audience dance to his speech with background score modi modi modi
rt handle krk after listening to modis bashan url
there are many fight between india and
the greatest fear was modi becoming pm and that happened now there is nothing to fear url
handle check this , our chairman mr. mohan valrani is also present url
hashtag omg! such a huge crowd in dubai, its so gud to see ppl shouting modinum outside india emoticon hez a true rock star hashtag
handle the bjp minister shud have learnt from modi who skipped saying the same on his visit to srinagar.
another visual proof, how rss organizing modi pr events overseasno money trail required,we all know financer!
rt handle num people are not happy today, anti modi & pakistan. can someone please send burnol to them? hashtag
every modi wave has an equal and opposite anti modi wave hashtag hashtag emoticon
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it url url
rt handle im hindu and nationalist therefore im a hindunationalist ~ narendra modi in a tv interview in num. url
hashtag live hashtag hashtag
todays innings of modi will be remembered like sharjahs winning innings
pm modis startup speech at the red fort leaves entrepreneurs elated url via handle
rt handle we are ready to welcome the honourable indian prime minister handle to the stage
namo got his funding game on fleek. another num.num lakh crore in the indian bag
rt handle lalit modi to help fund sahara chief subrata roys release from jail? url
modi should have first visited a mosque in rtaimplb url url
rt handle modi askin fr standing ovation fr crown prince is also the show of his own power on ppl
even opposition endorses his efforts though the political limitations pull them back accepting it publicly. url
for india to properly gel with the arab world was long over due. great start from uae. all congrats to modi
handle handle modi ji is a leader par excellence
hashtag fortunate to be having a true statesman at the helm who makes us proud to be indian. never stop, pm modi
rt handle modi is wonderful orator. he speaks only as much content as mms would speak, but his rhetoric is at par with hindi vi
handle handle handle maan gaya modi ji ki communication style ko. he can play with audience at will.
handle hahaha desparation exasperation causing u to scrape the bottom of the antimodi barrel? rtd
rt handle pm modi warned citizens about the hidden antinational agenda of such ngos! hashtag ? url
now the only neighbouring country modi failed to mention is burma and its capital naypyidaw. hashtag
rt handle handle numth fill hoga phir bhi emoticon huge crowd hai emoticon modi pr never fails sir emoticon bheed toh hai dusre angles seemoticon hope it
handle handle handle handle handle handle modi cant travel long by keeping feets in two boats, wait,watch!
hashtag the power of team india under leadership of pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag hashtag url
handle think mod to be blamed babudom impediment not modi sarkar.a very miniscule amount compared to gdp shd be released hashtag
handle handle handle moreover md desai didnt have charisma like namo has
rt handle hashtag modi is a fusion of charisma & commitment
handle modi speech is becoming so monotonous that it is boring. same words same dialogues. script writers hav lost creativity
modi will speak to people in dubai at around numpm via handle
modi recalls hashtag earthquake num and indias swift aid mission at dubai. padoosi dharma.
pm modi asks indian diaspora to give standing ovation to his highness crown prince of auh for alloting land for hashtag
namo namo all over modi rocks but cant change the situation of punjab url
rt handle numk capacity of stadium num k registered sure authorities will take care of orderemoticon hashtag in hashtag
another case of marketing guys delivering the goods and the operations guys warming the chairs emoticon url
kejriwal can get more money by posing for selfie.
rt handle agree. remittances from nri is more than d average income of hashtag if u exclude thr black money url
handle its a refrence not the essence.when crowd is huge & rocking to his spech,then modi has to be a star whether u like it r not
handle what a shit channel abp news isalways criticise modiespecially that om thanvino common sense.
rt handle this is called hashtag.
aryaa is following the interest welcome namo on url url
i added a video to a handle playlist url modi in uae pm visits sheikh zayed grand mosque, clicks selfie
rt handle .handle handle aaptard modi actually wanted to tell everyone that a for adani comes before b for business emoticon
pm modis dubai speech key highlights toi mobile the times of india mobile site url
rt handle pm modi in masdar
if modi takes wwf route, hed be a big hit with oldies. can imagine my dad front of tv & going finally, namo has come back to india
handle handle not even indira . this is d difference bw dynastic gandhis & common man as pm ( modi )
makes a lot of sense url btw, who is protesting us from him?
rt handle why hashtag hashtag is made in china handle url
rt handle . handle modi is trying to portray vajpayee as a old & lazy chap emoticon
handle handle marhaba namo makes indians proud. only honest and patriotic indians.
modi trying to pleased sheikh url
modi ji visit to u.a.e. congress persons should accept him as bharat gourav
right now, i am listening to the speech by narendra modi. i have to agree and really admire his ability to take the crowd with him.
during nepal earthquake, india did not wait a second to offer assistance narendra modi
grnum achivement by modi ji
rt handle modiji josh me aake dont offer any financial help to uae, they are already very rich.
wah modi ji wah kya mara pakistan ko https
honestly waiting for modi modi chant. nothing else. handle handle handle handle
madam j, modi is the pm . u may not like it. its ok. u can go to pakistan n elect ur pm.
modi in dubai music and dance events going on url url
handle handle modi jee you are inspiration for every walks of life
modi asked hindus to wear skull caps to show that he is not anti muslim.
rt handle mr modi, dont let bihar distract you from ruling india
handle handle hashtag talks about taking responsibility of youths. hashtag takes action less talk. more fdi = more jobs.
handle handle were all num,num modi bhakt? its time to see the writing on the wall
let modi and his supporters revel in these moments of glory come num no one will remember these madison square moments. +
stop calling yourself nationalist if youre not proud of having narendra modi as prime minister of india.
pm modi uses dubai speech to send out strong message against terrorism handle url
handle handle handle why does pm modi pretend that govt of india commenced with him & not in num? why lie for nothing?
eat your heart out all the congressis and the sickular parties and also the modi baiters from the news media
there will be those who will think that it is about him [modi] demanding a temple or pushing a religious agenda url
handle handle modi ji makes every indian proud
rt handle narendra modi might have been surprised to see more malayalees in uae than in kerala.
live blogging modi second time in num days. karma? url
uae assured modi to support indian permanent seat at unmodi said
numst indian pm to visit hashtag in num yrs! not a foreign policy expert, but this is a big slipup till now. hashtag url
handle arabs treat pak as shit! lol modi knows this recently uae had given pak ultimatum and pak morons talking abt islamic bum
how do these people get to keep their jobs even after failing multiple times on basic job of reporting & analysing? url
rt handle dynamic leader one and only
handle modi will make a great speech in dubai but remain dumb in indiavery much like manmohan
handle handle both are too intense and fcary . modi is quiet pleasant even when he makes difficult points .
handle and u still have to tweet about modis popularity
rt handle modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not pakistan.
expect more despairation and thrashing around
looks like burnol manufacturers will be major boosters of hashtag campaign for coming years hashtag url
why is coalits difficult to avoid the impression that modi government has lost its mojo manoj joshi url
rt handle after yakub, its turn of kodnani, bajrangi, aseemanand. right? rthandle pm rtterrorists must be given maximum poss
rt handle modi ji is still acting like an rss member. he must understand that he is now a pm of india
energetic speech+powerful personality+mandarin collar kurta= hashtag
presstitutes and sites like fisrtpost ~ niche log, neechi pasand
rt handle how ironical that communal nations find handle secular & so called seculars in our country label him communal https
num+ people gathered just for a speech in dubai. it is possible only if you are narendra modi
.handle pentagon explores alternatives to hashtag, including fort leavenworth & charleston url
.handle india is changing not because of modi but due to num crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but num crore indians
bjpnumtamilnadu rt isupportnamo pm modi has started addressing amazing crowd at the venue
numanandmlib mahindrareva goodness to me is freedom from made in china & make in india modi dreams fulfilled. url
are you talking of indians? url
mojo lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit url
embarrassing moment for pm modi url
pakistanis mocking modis speach
pm hashtag makes a special mention of the malayali community in the uae
rt handle handle handle , any comments on marketing gimmick or concede modi charm ? handle handle https
modi magic in hashtag read this tweet by handle handle url
two birds with one stone did pm modi go to abu dhabi mosque with an eye on bihar polls? all of this will pre url
rt handle handle that is good because it shows religious tolerance. lakhs of hindus in uae need a temple. it is namo blitz!
immense chants of modi and strong support of the indian expat family at the arena for modi hashtag ! hashtag
rt handle modi visits num countries in num months url
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modis speech
hashtag what did you expect ? num prime ministers in flight url
rt handle foundation of trust between india and uae will last for years narendra modi
rt handle mr. hashtag ,as u dont follow the laws over loc then go num hashtag rather than kiling innocent hashtag on bordrs hashtag
getting dawood can be modis greatest victory url
however he may ensure pride of indian outside india
handle we are waiting namo ji speech
indian pm narendra modi becomes first indian pm to visit uae in a really long time. comes back with land for url
handle handle good thinking, odi modi, nice!
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num m odi. (modi)
rt handle one rank one pension is hashtag government getting cold feet? url hashtag
ithink modi is planning to contest the election in uae ,pl tell him that uae is a monarchy ,not a democratic country.
isi & hafeez both creating terror outfits with pigs
rt handle another pic of empty stadium that indian media is saying is packed!
in cricket stadium num players are in ground but chears the whole stadium but this time one man show.modi modi
rt handle pm narendra modi wrote and sign science is life on touch screen at masdar city hashtag url httpemoticon
handle is it because modi does not want any sympathy wave for the family as yet?handle
hashtag in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror prime minister narendra modi didnt mention pakistan, but
handle any confirmation from dubai! or only modi ji word!
indianshandle must be feeling very happy today, because no one from indian political leadership till date interacted with them like pm modi.
rt handle this is to be expected in modis india. url
handle well done modi
dont let hatred for modi overcome you to an extent that it transforms into hatred for india
modi in uae url all the pseudo secular hearts must be burning at the stake today.
far from cuttin his criticism of cong abroad. modi at it again in dubai sayin tho there r daily flts frm india it tk num yrs num a pm num visit
handle interestingly all national news channels went exclusive for namo speechdid no other news worth reporting happen today?
hashtag modi modi chant everywhere. temple done. now waiting num ramman dir handle handle
handle thats rightmodi should have waited for all the saas bahu program to finish before starting his speech.
wow whatta warmed welcome hashtag g
why owaisis entry into bihar polls may spell disaster for pm modis mission num+ url handle
rt handle dont worry he will get real votes too just swept polls in mp also u can keep crying url
rt handle handle great leaders like modi bring great respect for their nations.
modi condemns bangkok blast prime minister narendra modi on monday condemned the blast in bangkok which claim url
grt to see stadium packed url
cmon adarsh liberals. hes thrown you a bone. attack the patriarchy url
hope you have listened to modi ji in uae. do you still think that he is just a url
uae has supported indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi hashtag url
shame shame shame on you. shame on you prime ministerure spraying acid on the wounds of num cr indians said modi
dear modi sir, u r the best motivator to anybody sure we wll see u soon.
all rating agencies have ranked india among fastest growing economies of the world narendra modi
rt handle modis speech in one picture hashtag url
rt handle hashtag extracting $numb investment by uae without any timeline,similar offers were made by japan $numb china $numb but no
ndtv i want to talk about nagalandwhatever the situation may be,the solution to every url url
modi has raised the bar for future pms of this nation for at least num years. kudos to the man. hashtag
rt handle oh no what a blunder. handle
real reason behind modis visit to uae pranay sharma aug num,num url
pm modi asks people to gift insurance to their sisters on rakshabandhan hashtag
rt handle rtno good taliban and bad taliban.indication to both us and pak as well as our ndtv?
handle frankly i m happy seeing this jumlababu trend. shows how pissed congi morons n aaptards r with modis uae success. emoticon
i never knew this . i think most of us never this too . shame on our media
handle its going to be a long night for you kaka, if modi lasts long while speaking rtp
if you have problems related to embassy, government has launched a platform called madad pm modi in dubai url
rt handle there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi hashtag
hashtag hashtag hashtag congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congr url hashtag hashtag
rt handle hello handle maam my frnd ankit from iit has told me that num people were sent from mumbai in a submarine to listen t
if you want to see that secularism and nationalism of india, you can see that in dubai right at this moment while modi doing his extempore.
pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi url
who will have got more mirchi tonight after modi speech today, sickulars or pakistan? practically no difference between two. hashtag
handle sir, i support ur views on namo but u r a mediocre film makerand it is just plain truth handle
modi dance modi dance modi dance
rt handle breaking properties of dawood to be seized in dubai, uae. effect of modi visit.
the hashtag is laughing at hashtag. url
handle handle we are with great rss modi ji once was student of that group and sadly its in terrorist list of america emoticon
when it rains in india, people in dubai open their umbrellas to protect us pm modi. hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag our insurance scheme is as affordable as rs num per month pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
i easily know several indian youth who have been wanting to go to see hashtag hashtag in hashtag hashtag
rt handle live watch hashtag addressing the indian community in hashtag url
rt handle pm narendra modi visits hashtag city, hashtag
handle handle handle are u listening our pm namo ? country who supports terrorism shuldnt get any international help.
will nsalevel talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi url
modis visit has made dubai forget happy new year hashtag
high time for pm modi in dubai enjoying paneer kaliya and khatti dal.
there was nehru who used to address indians in english language and then there is modi who speaks hindi abroad
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law url
hashtag pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister nar url
indian are in uae url
modi in uae marhaba namo as dubai readies for indian pms public address
you are right handle . look at the voices raising concern. there is media to play flute with them. disgusting. url
rt handle hashtag modi you make india proud
pak faces heat gets all side fire from indian lion mr.modi ji on terror.stop terrorism start dialogue.hashtag
wow wow! hashtag speech is rocking hashtag
rt handle this is the largest number of connecting flights between any two countries narendra modi ji hashtag
rt handle crazy crowd and it is hours before modi has to arrive hashtag url
modi visited mosque in abu dhabi.
num,num indians to attend marhaba namo in dubaimodi, who is on a twoday visit to the un url url
handle we should aggressively engage with all regional powers.this is a big step taken by modi govt.will enhance our soft power status.
hashtag visits the uae and hashtag, two very cool guys url
india to uae whats the ticket price. because i miss modi .
rt handle modi have been victims of terrorism for num years. handle
handle handle rajdeep sir said the same thing about modis twitter support . see what happened.
rt rajdeep sardesai surdesairajdeep swacch bharat failed by muncipal corps in delhi,. url url
fikrokhabar bhatkal online news portal sanjiv bhatt, the gujurat cop who took on modi, in the dock for sex vide url
rt handle handle modi such a shameless person,tht he visit all those countries wch indian pm have neverand then claim to be the fir
huge thank you to all narendra modi
rt handle handle modi going to speach at sarjah
handle handle speech is drafted by some anonymous. i appreciate namo for delivering it.
rt handle bc ye kya tha url
it is big. for once hes visiting & not laying them waste! url
*uae takes back land* url
hashtag holds talks with dubai ruler
chants heard in dubai stadium
stomach burning hashtag ! url
congis after modis speech hashtag url
rt handle num degrees in dubai during namos speech
rt handle hashtag greets malayalees in hashtag and the stadium roarsin delight. hashtag hashtag url
modi live at dubai cricket stadium
num former army chief write open letter to pm modi for one rank one pension
modi is a rockstar. wherever he goes. hashtag
hashtag pm modis dubai speech key highlights url hashtag hashtag
what a terrible weekend for hashtag
good taliban, bad taliban this wont work. decide are you with terrorism or with humanity? pm modi hashtag url
rt handle waiting to watch hashtag
handle modi threatened pakistan from uae today, proved that uae collaborating with raw to destabilize pakistan,particularly karachi.
pm modi online platform called maddad to connect indian diaspora around the world
prime minister of india?
rt handle impressive speech! the more you burn with your hatred towards modi, the more he shines worldwide. hashtag hashtag
rt handle indias narendra modi puts spotlight on efforts to drive out termitelike graft url
look at the crowd, appreciating modi who felt orphan from last many years hashtag hashtag
handle handle seriously, first time im seeing so much positivity from atkeadt few journalists on modi, good for nation
rt handle host of steps have been taken by the government to tackle black money pm modi
great challenge for pm modi url
modi meets abu dhabi crown prince url
relevant question, why leave that choice to him hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
speech khatam. yaaaaay modi.
not saying that hashtag speech at hashtag cricket stadium was bad. its just that my expectations have risen because hes raised the standards.
burnol moment for those who say hashtag visits are for fun & so on. num.num lac crores investment on from uae. hashtag handle handle
haha one fraud to help another fraudster is wat media would tel now rtd
if modi is an event manager then its doesnt matter as progress is seen bt nehru ws the greatest anti indian & mess started then hashtag
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae sent clear message that terrorism wont be tolerated pm modi url
another pr event successfully concluded in dubai cricket stadium . modi won by duckworth lewis method hashtag
rt handle you are the people who have worked hard, modi said addressing thousands of expatriate url
hashtag seeing this crowd i think modi may even create madison square moment in lahore also
sadfew tv channels already announced that modi returning back wth dawood from dubai
narendra modis speach from dubai live he pronouns nepal nepal and nepal on every second ;salute hashtag
few months ago modi ji announced that he citizens of many countries will get visa on arrival at indian airports n its not done till date.
handle handle handle handle if arabs can hold thali why cant modi hold topi?
rt handle this is really paid crowd as they obey modis orders. hashtag
pm modi is perfect in thatno one does it better url
handle modis biggest enemies are his blind followers on sm. sad very sad
chanting marhaba namo
this will finish sickulars in india especially vp & president of congi pvt ltd. url
pm modi visits to sheikh zayed mosque in abu dhabi
when modi g mentions num crore people of india it excludes handle handle handle emoticon
hashtag india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modinahyan talks, uae to back indias un url via handle
would like to thnx num all my brthers and ssters who gthered der n made his effrt a grt sccss
if modi is genuine pm, he shd bring dawood to india imdtly frm dubai.dont play wth ppl in india.
url rt timesnow excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address ind url
rt handle modi sarkar
thanks to modi, first time one and all in dubai cricket stadium are supporting india. hashtag hashtag hashtag
but, unfortunately we now have a
totally agree with handle url
pm modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium handle
numth world top trending
modi visits num countries in num months prime minister narendra modi has visited num countries in url handle
handle cmon! weve all read the stuff before modi was pm, lets not pretend. handle
pm modi urges uae to invest in india
handle handle handle u remember all of aks promises but dont remember what modi promised.if u have the guts ask him
this man knows how to kill multiple birds with a single stone, modi is synonymous to magic handle
is modis birthday today? url
rt handle pm hashtag thanks the crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for alloting land to buind a temple url
rt handle handle modi didnt visit hashtag hashtag for vote bank;as other political party leaders do in india.modi went
pm narendra modi addresses num,numstrong indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium; begins his speech saying i am seeing a miniindia.
check out with your msm. btw except u.s and china liability for all. url
handle dont worry saba modi is equally popular in india . like it or not , having heartburns lady !
hashtag time the famous welcome shows the love of people for you modi sir
fdi in india will grow by num in one year narendra modi
namo ka swagat sketch by a dear friend url
for all pakistani friends following me, pm modi is speaking live. watch here url
rt handle many indian batsmen have played on the dubai cricket stadium pitch, but none as spectacularly as narendra modi! hashtag
num. block people who tweet like
handle handle handle handle handle http
handle it was nice to heared pm narendra modi from uae.
modis strong message of zero tolerance on illegal financial activities even with side effects has spread agony in the camps of wrong doers.
mahanteshpm url rt babubhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul ga
handle handle and when sonia ignores tavleen gets depression
pm modi to inaugurate num,num cr road projects in bihar tomorrow pm narendra modi will url sps
beyond his charisma & oratory skills, modi is the right man for the job. he is changing the face of india for better. hashtag
rt handle .handle modi ji may not be bothered about legislative business but the world is & so am i.
handle mush has not overthrown iks govt but nss and now nawaz modi is surrounded by mushs cronies. u ppl have no shame!
modi mania at the uae. live handle what is it that drives the crowd crazy when he speaks? handle
modi should be synonymous with charisma.
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. crowd of num odis = crowd of num modi hashtag hashtag
every where people are prasing modi but way back in india pappu and his family are busy finding faults .upa its all over hashtag
rt handle strongly condemn blast in hashtag. thoughts with families of the deceased. i pray for speedy recovery of injured, tweets p
handle really sir modi you were doing amazing job thanks alot.
most of the people here have converted from hinduism to modiism.badluck hashtag !
i can guess what modi will say
rt handle pm modi to address the indian community in dubai url via handle omg
indeed.poor nd downtrodden whether in india or abroad never got so much attention nd respect from anyone except modi url
pm narendra modi going to address crowd shortly
handle hello no standalone visit was made to sri lanka since rajiv gandhi was indian pm pm modi in dubai url
handle should play it in loop, everytime modi goes abroad! emoticon
rt handle the high standards pm modi is setting for next pm candidate are so tough that it will be impossible for next indian pm to ma
it is like a festival in uae . really proud of you modi g. you are awesome
seculars see who is chanting modi modi modi ?
rt handle uae has supported indias position on terrorism narendra modi
from why modi isnt visiting a muslim country to hashtag in arabian peninsula.
handle awesome speech at dubai hashtag
handle there are paid campaigns to project modis image as well
modi in hashtag hashtag slams pm for foreign attack delhi, news url hashtag url
dubai celebrated when lok sabha poll results were declared pm hashtag
(num) face num of modi saheb here
very well said but she is also a certified modi bhakt
offered to the congitards who was showing empty stadium at modi rally hashtag url
sir! please pay your speech writer well. url
rt dna live hashtag watch crowds chant modi, modi as they await his speech url
rt handle hashtag on the move hashtag visits num countries in num months
rt handle pm modi address indian community in dubai , live handle url hashtag
prime minister narendra modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium in dubai. hashtag url
hashtag in hashtag uniting indians across the world
sir, aseemanand ka kya karein? speech is good. throw him under the bus or wait for people to forget? url
rt handle maybe modi haters should form their own little country so they can boo modi when he visits?
pm modi offers num trillion investment opportunity to uae see more at url
beingdanishnum url rahulkanwal rahul sir modi jee is coming tomorrow in ara im trying hard to get a pass,dying to see
rt handle modi government failed to control inflation and fooling public on petrol price hashtag hashtag hashtag http
^~^ pm modi visiting abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims
rt handle after visiting num muslim majority countries modi finally found num which is not constitutionally secular. even that country g
rt handle lol. true! url
ndtv also showing modi speech
its to gd for indians the new begins with pm modi
rt handle modi you can travel in europe, you wont know when a country begins or ends. same thing can happen in saarc. handle
handle hindu temple being built dubai after visit of modi shows how thinks have changed these same country which had harboured dawood
modi won d hearts of num crore indians with his choice of words hashtag hashtag
friend in dubai says first time we indians feel here that we have a leader (modi) who is immensely respected by local and native people.
live watch pm modi in uae we ask the world to come and make in india pm modi url
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium shortly hashtag url via aninews
hashtag un dont know about terrorism only modi knows
i think this would be recorded as the most hollow speech modi ever gave on foreign soil.
hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime url
rt handle hashtag there are num flight from india every week to dubai and still it took num years for a pm to visit uae. hashtag at h
hashtag remains legendary folk hero for hashtag as there is no hashtag abroad to distort truth
rt handle what we now know is namo has a good fan following even among native muslims of uae. human behaviour never ceases to su
just another ? just keep counting thousands and thousand are cheering out his name hashtag url
this is craziness for modi
my tears are coming out of joy
modi sees a mini india in uae
rt handle dubai cricket stadium is reverberating with chants of modi hashtag
how modis extra push could kickstart economy
bombing in bangkok. will seculars blame rss? hindus? guj riots? babri demolition? modi? what now sirs?
handle handle many responses but none has the conviction to prove with a video. modi speeches are all over internet
ask the hashtag to go there and say it. url
rare diamond. namo india
i strongly condemn the blast in hashtag,my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the injured pm modi
oops he forgot to add dont expect any land emoticon
praising modi for that big deal of num lakh crore.lol!
modi is a leader cum marketeer cum motivator cum executor cum visionary all encapsulated into num. hashtag handle lesson num all leaders
handle it is not fare on modis part to be successfull in evary fareign visits. he sud give some room for opposition to survive.
what about the senior bjp leaders response on namo and his government? or they are considered useless craps?
num people irrespective of any religious prejudice, are waiting to see modi in cricket stadiummarhabba modi
namo visits uae to a tumultuous welcome.excelent speech in stadium.uae to give land num a hindu temple n invest num.num lakh crores in india.wow!
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was the pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry pm modi
hashtag spirit soars in hashtag when hashtag speaks in praise hashtag hashtag url
handle handle handle before showing sweet dreams to uae, modi should fulfill commitments made to veterans at home!
rt handle pm modi at numth independence day celebrations at red fort, delhi url hashtag hashtag url
latest trends on jaipur
handle handle .u r blocked as our praising modi. if u start praising taliban & dawood , she will let u read her gutter tweets
modi trolls pak for blocking saarc ties,said we will go ahead without you on motor vehicles agreement(bbin) since you block connectivity!
rt handle replug reading modis august num speech my piece for url url
really want to know how namo is planning to redeem his air miles.
india inc hails pm narendra modis thrust on agri production, startups economic times
sheila dixit in delhi needed to request people to listen to raga. dubai stadium overflowing with people; chanting modimodi
modi ji the pride of indiamaking india shine
rt handle now congress will equate modi to hitler url
i think a great profit and good relation with uae.
awesome moment now diggi and khangressis will say modi took numk people with him to dubai hashtag
narendra modi wants to win this match
rt handle so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation modi hashtag
handle which pm. ok did you refer great namo handle
this is nothing there will be several records feel the power of nationalism and patriotism url
rt handle no bodyno bodytrolls better than namo handle ji gurujishat shat naman hashtag
hashtag sushma story, funny the way modi ignored handle, as i ignore barking dog, maybe modi shued them away with bone, as they stoped
the prime minister, shri narendra modi takes a tour of masdar city, a hub of clean technology, url
nawaz sharif and n league should learn through modi in dubai, how to respect expats and how to listen them url
rt handle oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm rightno need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.
hashtag arrived num minutes early. first punctual hashtag in the world. hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
dusheenum url rt babubhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi
only thing i wish start chanting india india with modi modi hashtag
hashtag pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today th url
handle modi wearing lyra leggings
rt handle his critics were rightmodi has no influence outside gujarat hashtag url
only if modi haters know what secularism is url
hashtag sayng it is nt abt religion bt legion
rt handle pm modi in conversation with crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan url
modi magic in uae. hashtag
we love & respect our pride pm modi
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said india is prou url
cant wait for modi jis speech. hashtag
rt handle damn! this is funny url
ye dil mange more hashtag url
india is not the actual land of islam, arab countries are. url
he digout indian blackmoney?give to indian youth?india has $num tn investment potential,modi tells uae url via handle
uae has supported indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi hashtag url via ani
local models,going global meet grace modi url
hashtaghashtaghashtag
rt handle tune to handle to see namo live speech to indians in dubai hashtag
rt handle nris in stadium are angry with modi. acc to our sources before leaving for dubai modi promised them to bring rajdeep with
rt if you also think that chants of hashtag hashtag today reminds you of hashtag hashtag in a cricket stadium. hashtag hashtag
rt handle the greatest fear was modi becoming pm and that happened now there is nothing to fear url
modi tweets a lot. doesnt he? and mostly irrelevant stuff
rt handle pm modi time has come for the people of the world to unite against terrorism
agitating becoz hope modi ji will listen.
rt handle madison capital says sahara directed madison to proceed with bids to lalit modi handle
handle handle reveal the receipt of tailor who made thousands of islamic topi for modi show.
hashtag modi takes relations with whichever country he visits to a new high. yet they rate him among most stupid pms. tragic
its the namo show in dubaihashtag hashtag
srk to file copyright petition against modi on num minute hain aapke pass. num minute
handle handle when will pm modi will do the same for muslims.
rt handle marhaba namo numk indians expected num attend firstofits kind reception num hashtag
sgs statement got signed and is ready for issue. modis uae visit a failure.
handle handle is modis rally in bihar tomorrow?
d fire cud hv been doused on numth evenow its never too late to visit them
rt handle why does modi get so excited when some head of state comes to the airport to receive himits been done before !
very exciting atmosphere before namo speech in dxb
packed hashtag cricket stadium erupts into hashtag,hashtag chants as pm addresses the indian diaspora url
rt handle modi is addressing the nation again today hashtag
we want kohinoor diamond from england. i think it is possible to modi sir
handle handle why so upset as if modi tagged you?
modi just said fuck you pakistan in between lines. kudos.somewhere it also meantfuck you congress.what say handle hijdas& handle
above numk peoples gathered. i am proud of him. yes , url
handle handle handle handle pappu the numk indians in uae with modi, wil u still call them bhakts, fake gandhi lickers wil?
rt handle dear presstitutes please give a standing ovation to modi ji
so what if constitution of india does not support or promote any particular religion. hashtag url
todays modis speech gave shivers to two. num) pakistan
the temple will be built in abu dhabi in num so why there is news that modi ji has arranged it with uae govt? url
why are his ministers not giving?
modi have asked embassies to help indians overseas using the indian community welfare fund. handle
also many a aadarsh liberal shall be disappointed because modi did not use a cheat sheet today hashtag
hashtag the indian community in dubai says marhaba (welcome) namo with a grand welcome hashtag
rt handle screw dos sickularsenjoy modi magichashtag hashtag url
handle handle num should criticize for his work bt not num his background , education &only because hes modi. later ones get trolled
rt handle excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag httpemoticon
rt handle uae wouldnt have given a tiny rats ass if owaisi had visited, but when a hindu nationalist modi visits he is greeted by hashtag
whether it be imf or world bank, all ranking institutions have said india is growing at the fastest pacehashtag hashtag hashtag
handle pls tell me when will i get a gf n become pm of caymans island. handle handle url
theyre the ones that delayed the decision for hashtag.
handle prepares fivecourse numkarat gold dinner for handle
handle handle i am sure most of these pakistanis are in stadium to see what is modi all about
hashtag just for modi haters chew on this while waiting for achhe din
the last time uae cheered so much for any indian was when sir sachin tendulkar playing at sharjah this time hashtag
india, uae strongly denounce terrorism in all forms pm hashtag url url
pm hashtag is about to start another speech. will hashtag be a hit? read handle live blog here url
expect more despairation and thrashing around with their lies
modi batting like sachin hashtag
handle did you see the empty stands behind modi?its kept empty for security reasons.is it hard to comprehendhandle handle
what i like whenever modi trends worldwide is hashtag tweets
modi hater ! calling our respected modiji launda url
modi just spoke a few lines in malayalam. and the crowd roared back in glee. hope the commies are listening. emoticon hashtag
pm modis dubai speech key highlights url hashtag hashtag
malayalees get special mention in pm modi speech. and he speaks a sentence of greetings in malayalam hashtag
modi visit india uae to crack down on terrorism radicalisation in a move signalling their growing url handle
rt handle hashtag critics u wont like it but just dont forget that finally we have a pm who knows how to earn respect. hashtag
num hashtag think dt hashtag hav been deportedbanned numrm hashtag bt hashtag has num obey their real hashtag. url
achievements that modi mentioned. jan dhan was a one time push. toilets prettu sure followup wont happen to make sure they r used
sorry to say, but mallus of dubai are so ignorant abt modi. handle
rt handle india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investment bloomberg url hashtag
rt handle this was way back in num.
hashtag reaction after listening modis speech emoticon . hashtag url
photo caption the prime minister, shri narendra modi at the indian community reception, in dubai cricket url
rt handle amazing lalit! a finger in every pie. url
hey libbies aaptard and congressi reptiles this is why modi ji goes on foreign trips.
good terrorism bad terrorismonly modi dares to say open in dubai! hashtag
rt handle modi never visited any mosque in india for last several yrs, but will visit the grand mosque at abu dhabi. dollars at
googly hashtag in hashtag url
modi is not a politician , he is a pradhansewak , a tea seller and a rockstar ! hashtag
rt handle handle namo is pride of india & he is making india proud in abroad hashtag
alealealehandle modi says how he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we dont get tea for re num.
rt handle those who debated why modi didnt wear skull cap, arent debating why he touched a skull cap wearing mans feet! url
nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai url hashtag ndtv achedinaanewale
if you are baffled at how asaaram, radhe maa and other charlatans get massive followings then you need to look at modi tamashas.
they are all paid karyakartas, flown to the uae by handle . url
but this shows ppl luv hashtag as much as cricket.
handle im gudabhi toh busy in watching modi magicemoticon
handle we are hearing this after every foreign visit of hashtag . fooling also has a expiry date
handle handle handle handle lol. pls ask modi to cease properties of dawood worth num cr in mumbai numst.
pm hashtag is not trying to isolate pak but if they dont cooperate its up to them sheel kant sharma, former diplomat
rt handle dear mr. modi, i want to retire.
hashtag so many ppl gather in dubai ground wd so much patriotism briliant event @ dubai n our own pm modi is dere wd fantastic speech
its really amazing energy in modis reception in dubai hashtag url
handle handle can u tell me any reason to hate modi or not being a bhakt
rt handle uae smart city masdar inspires pm modi to say science is life url via handle
rt handle swachh bharat mission yet to take off in num states url but modi claimed credit for completing it url
the world has sensed this the phase of manthan in india under modis leadership. congress and pakistan must too.
rt handle modi in uae url all the pseudo secular hearts must be burning at the stake today.
rt handle after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people url
heavy rain in vasant kunj area disrupted sky and airtel reception of ch .missing modis address.
media debates modi makes good event everywhere but i say modi is itself a event hashtag
hashtag modi means serious business. he is a down to earth person and liked by every true indian.
look at that crowd go crazy in dubai. hashtag
pm hashtag we need a second green revolution in hashtag. east india needs more development.
pm modi urges uae to invest in india prime minister narendra modi urges businessmen in the united arab emirat url
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm hashtag address to indian diaspora in hashtag url
pm modi warned citizens about the hidden & antinational agenda of such ngos! hashtag ? url
we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives hashtag
investments on hold, pms modis uae trip is really about three things oil, fdi and terrorism he doesnt do url
crown prince, his num brothers received me at airport. this is respect for indias changing place in world pm modi in dubai
very intellectual url
handle handle congress member should watch all over acceptances of modi. they cd never receive it. kudos to modiji
rt handle i had the opportunity to go to jaffna to address peoples problems there pm modi url
ha!thats what an hashtag hashtag as that of handle does!mobilise a sixth of entire hashtag racehashtag hashtag hashtag
num) do you agree with modi governments pakistan policy?
subtle punches inspite of num daily flights it took num years for pm to reach here hashtag
pm modi has stood as a pride for country. under his leadership india has gained respect all over the world handle hashtag hashtag
wait for calls to ban modi, modi screams at public events attended by namo.
rt handle dont treat me like namo to his countrymen.
rt handle what a shame you are sir in the name of our dear armed forces handle url
hashtag for left wing what karl marx was i see modi to be the god of right wings
it took num years for an indian pm to come to hashtag, says hashtag url handle
rt handle handle handle wat u had ! modi speech!
num crore indians a source of power pm modi what power numcr under num cant afford school in child labor is child labor power you suggest?
modi criticising previous govt on foreign soil may not suit cong but it does suit india; building indias image at the cost of cong is fine
nation wants to know is hashtag feel happy by making people unhappy
rt handle inflation and kids growing up two things that can continue to shock people right throughout their lives. url
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp url
rt handle our objective has been to build strong friendship with our neighbouring countries & take india to new heights hashtag ht
handle u can openly name modi most of the time but cant take name of dynasty leader n other politician
handle india reformed years ago now under modi its getting ethically morally etc deformed courtesy rss bigotsmodi bhakts
handle handle handle handle handle just coz ur master has saidbnum modi became pm how much loan sbi gave?
no that is your jaundiced wish lady. hashtag moment for your gang? url
powerful speech by sir narendra modi hashtag
modi plays temple run in uae
everytime handle steps out of india, he breaks the ice and sets the discourse for us indians. watching narendra modi
hashtag namo there was so much love from uae ,crown prince and dubai ruler they received me at the airport! url
hashtag pm narendra modi waves at the gathering at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
aadarsh liberals will praise modi, only if he subsidizes burnol. their daily needs must be taken care. hashtag hashtag
after enchantment of vikas vikas now modi has one enchantment
rt handle fdi in india will grow by num in one year narendra modi
at the venue. hashtag
after d irritating news f radhe maa d news channels gt inspiring news to show d world widout any plotting n xtra masala. thanx to mr.modi ji
if only they would understand !alas url
num,num ppl hearing hashtag hashtag
rt handle sorry bhakts but android m doesnt stand for android modi but android marshmallow hashtag
awesome modi. hashtag
modi ji reachedstageand groundmodi modihashtag handle
modi thanks crown prince for granting space for temple
rt handle handle everyone likes entertainment . modi is providing full entertainment .so most will come hashtag hashtag
vote on the poll is modi tour bring billion dollar investments url hashtag url via handle
rt handle unthinkable happened heart attack for pseculars!
crown prince of abu dhabi has url
modi playing team india card to the hilt!
handle u mean including indian politician mr. shashi tharoor u may be knowing him quite well. y u troll him today hiding behind modi
hashtag worked together under lalit modi & looting rajasthan well. handle url
handle hashtag hashtag
rt handle uae promises investment of num.num lakh crore in india.
dubai pm modi addresses massive crowd, lauds expatriates, thanks uae url
rt handle million rt url
hashtag best numhrs of my life listing to modi and feel proud to indian
rt handle handle handle handle it takes a tall leader of modis stature to publicly denounce terrorism,on the soil o
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment dubai prime minister narendra modi today held talks with v url
all national news channels are covering modi jis live speech from dubai. hashtag hashtag
rt handle handle narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai intl cricket stadium. hashtag url
live watch pm modi in uae thank his highness crown prince for his decision to build temple in abu dhabi pm modi url
handle msg to abhigyan. if he dnt knw why modi in dubai ? dare to stop telecast of rangarang prog on ndtv. hav guts abhigyan ?
hashtag burnol moment for all modi haters
rt handle hello mandbuddhi handle
rt handle i have attended over num namo rallies in past but nothing bigger than hashtag . crowd was humongous & craze for p
great job! hashtag hashtag ^^
handle handle modi is gay and thats not a secret
watching narendra modi at your home url
handle btw just for records i am a modi admirer, certainly no comparison between the two, was only sheerly talking onhandle
candle sellers are frightened, modi sun is risingshining num hours
rt handle marhaba namo forward together hashtag url
handle shortest and memorable visit modihandle best
rt handle we did not get scared of the mightiest power of british empire, do you think we would be scared of modi? handle
kuch logon ko to bus burai hi krni h
modi is working non stop doesnt take holidays. works on sundaysworks tirelessly.
what kind of magnetic power must uae have generated in terms of growth that everyone wants to come here, despite the heat pm modi
hashtag modi coming in prime time .has taken away all pressitute baak baak time. listening great speech after office ,feel energetic
modi have ordered embassy in uae to resolve technical issues reg emigrate within num days
rt handle you go through handle its hashtag modi positing everywhere emoticon
rt handle standby for pm hashtag address; hashtag, the traditional martial arts of hashtag showcased
thr with strng support fr namo.
even if modi says you are all idiots to the crowd, they will applaud.
burnolification unlimited. enjoy the show.
rt handle .handle posted this article defaming modi ji. it took only num hours & a phone call frm my office to get it removed htt
pm modis dubai speech key highlights url hashtag
hashtag chants welcome pm handle hashtag
pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference vk singh economic times url
modi meets uae pm, talks about trade and investment hashtag hashtag hashtag url url
dont think everyone like your extremist sanghis, islam is religion of compassion, peace. url
modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in num years. can congress deny the fact? why congress was sleeping ?
rt handle gappu falters! lol biting conscience modi ji? handle handle handle handle url
gift jeevan suraksha yojna to your sister on this hashtag . hashtag appeals to people. hashtag hashtag
pm modi to address num indians in dubai tonight num developments ndtv url hashtag
i think modis rally in hashtag is becoming more of a charade. most public rallies are but this one is too close for comfort. hashtag
path of terror will never benefit anyone modi the hindu url
handle handle even in that channel, lion or tiger visual would remind him of namo. safe bet for him is pogo.
rt handle me,momma, hashtag hashtag & blind modi haters right now after watching hashtag handle handle handle htt
why this pseudo secularists calls modi govt communal when it decides to build temple. crown prince of uae gave land to build temple there.
rt handle every floor in my building apartment is listening to modis speech.
you are either with humanity or with terrorism ~
handle handle not the modi but there are secular powers modi is hindu hardliners
absolutely and sheikh modi too url
rt handle handle we are lucky and its a god gift to us that we have seen namo as our pm hashtag
handle sir ji. porn sites are not banned yet infact modi ji has unblocked them
handle thankful to akbar saheb for the touching gesture. great meeting him. url yay akbar got it to hashtag
our pm handle is truely a hashtag
rt handle spectators brave num degrees heat outside dubai cricket stadium to listen to modi hashtag url httpemoticon
itne sare words me i hate modi !
modis parliament in dubai. feeling low in india
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the injured pm modi
evening dubai city chants = namo namo
rt handle pm modi says we work shouldertoshoulder with everyone towards development hashtag
rt handle the temple is a huge gift to the people of abu dhabi narendra modi
rt handle modi seems to have pulled off a diplomatic coup along many dimensions in uae.
handle handle by d way is it said by mr modi that land is allotted today he is just thanking. plz clear my doubt
namo moment of the speech was samajhnewaale samajh gaye hain (all idiots from pak, dawood & desh drohis) hashtag
modi modi modi modi modi
hashtag for those who missed modi jis news hashtag in particular url
hashtag traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill url hashtag hashtag
dubai has a magnetic attraction for all people across the world narendra modi
rt handle why just tweets i say ban all modi supporters handle
handle secondly, if modi is numst pm to visit uae in num yrs, how its belatedly? thirdly, meeting countrymen politics? handle
rt handle narendra modi clears indias terrorism stand in uae joint statement url
what a shame you are sir in the name of our dear armed forces handle url
num major massacres of dalits were work of bjp allies. hashtag remains silent. hashtag url url
handle modi in uae live video link url , sir, please rt
rt handle uae has supported indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi hashtag
rt handle hashtag handle communal burqaclad skullcap donning uae residents shout modimodi in uae mosque. is idea o
hashtag * the only difference between madison square and dubai reception is handle episode. mariana namo
rt handle handle handle wot say congress? r these not muslims who r with modi good governance yahi hota hai httpemoticon
brilliant leadership.handle handle handle url
with every speech that modi gives outside india i wonder what a waste of decade it was under congress rule!
modi can stoop to this level that he had to tell police force to ill treat veterand. hashtag on modi
opportunities hi opportunities hai url
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights
hashtag hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url handle hashtag
rt handle heard that even dawood was sitting in dubai stadium and clapping on every line by modi source
and some people discriminate between hindu and muslim . everyone loves india and modi hashtag url
handle handle hashtag pm modi live at dubai cricket stadium watch here> url
rt handle where is the thirty lakhs you promised us if modi becomes pm? url
maritime security narendra modi attends marhaba namo community reception in dubai to secure safety of the url
tht roar frm crowd means immense trust on the leader
please watch him the man who was tagged as a gujarati leader and not a national leader emoticon url
rt handle shouries critique is simple modi does not need a palaniappan jaitley as fm url
message to investor by modi come & grab land of poor. i will strongly help u. habitual snatcher of land.(gujarat model)
frankly speaking it is modi all the way in bihar part num the analy url
handle handle handle paramount humbleness ! pm modi never takes credit,attributes to num cr of us,
if you dont have access to a tv set right now, watch pm modis dubai speech live here
every time the crowd chants modi modi today in the stadium hashtag would be punishing themselves with whips. hashtag
rt handle pm narendra modi promises power to num,num villages within num,num days url
amazing scenes from dubai modis people connect is next to none.
this love, this respect is not for an individual. this is respect for indias changing place in the world pm modi url
rt handle modi never visited any mosque in india last several yrs but will visit the grand mosque at abu dhabi. dollars!
rt handle ed closes nh case. where are modi bhakts who used to criticise me for tweeting truth? had it been others, ed wud hv peeled s
modi sarkar doing sibbal on corruption and punishing congress.
pm modi proves that he is a leader with a num inch chest when he talks about taliban in a muslim land! hashtag
numrtcrown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url the crown prince of the united ar
hashtag once a congress leader said modi ko india ke bahar janta kaun haihe said look this.
congress slams modi for targeting previous govts on foreign soil url hashtag hashtag
rt handle when modi talks hashtag hashtag hashtag url
hashtag congress chief ministers are more happy with modi govt, cos they get big ticket development projects now onlynot from upa
pm shri handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi hashtag url
rockstar modi can just do only this going to other countries and giving speeches but can solve issues in india!
rt handle handle modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board url
numk plus people gathered to hear modi. jai hind
modi pr team claiming credit for hindu temple land allocation in uae which was done in upa time hashtag url
handle proves that hashtag has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage secular politics
handle well duh! i know that,dont blind yourself with swamy bhakti! i criticize modi far more than you do of dr.s, so
rt handle any hashtag wld love num go to hear his pm out, if he rchd out. no one tried earlier ! modi did.tht he is popular is anthr thing !
hashtag visits hashtag hashtag hashtag, hashtag url url
several opportunities for development in india modi hashtaghashtaghashtaghashtag url
will someone please take away his trumpet hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat latest news & updates at url
madison moment in dubaifull house cricket stadium. marhaba namo
the crown prince has promised an investment of num.num lakh crores in india pm modi url url
hashtag modi says how he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we dont get tea for r url
hashtag hashtag is talking about taliban, terrorism in uae? did anyone ever dare to talk about it in the neighbourhood of s.arabia?
handle handle great challenge for pm modi url
handle india today group should not admire or praise modi & his govt for only sake of trps learn something from ndtv
hashtag trending @ hashtag after hashtag. thats the command hashtag has
as per us modi is the worst person of india.
rt handle modi congratulates malayalees on new year in malayalam
modi is speaking about bangladesh hope he doesnt claim num victory as his own too! hashtag
modi critics complained, looked east, looked west but ignored the islamic world. that perception defeated.hashtag hashtag hashtag
meanwhile handle hashtag is replaced to modi ki baat hashtag
not a face look bcs table!
being a banker, totally understand modis big plans
modi spoke on providing electricity in ne. that means he supports big dams. but his party came to power by opposing big dams
please hashtag burnol lagake soon
rt handle modi govt trying its worst to stop voice of rahul gandhi hashtag students url
rt ndtv it rains in india and you offer us an umbrella to help out pm modi in dubai url url
dubai stadium the only cricket stadium across the world, that will be remembered for hashtag innings. hashtag hashtag hashtag
keep up the good work modi ji. never felt something like this when sonia was in power url
pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast
why im not looking forward to seeing modi in dubai dailyo url hashtag
nagaland was dealing wid insurgency num a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in northeastern rtpm modi hashtag
pm modi arrives in uae, says very optimistic about the visit url via handle
handle gupta ji, if our economy is doing really well as pm modi and even incs anand sharma claim then why r they not announcing orop
some amazing audacity of modi in the heart of islamic country hashtag
hashtag how twitterati reacted to narendra modis dubai visit url
rt handle modi ji is doing what upaii cudnt do implement its own programs & schemes.
jyamummy url rt rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
rt handle all indians in abu dhabi should thank the leaders for allocating land for temple narendra modi ji hashtag
if faking is an art then modi is picasso of it hashtag url
is modi already the most popular, most enthusing leader across the globe, ever?
[replug] find out how hashtag is offering hashtag a $num trillion investment opportunity in india url
manny manny congratulations our pm modi your historic visit of uae is very fruitfull after num years indian prime url
nasty, foul smelling, obnoxious indeed is this hashtag url
cogress & sonia is in a panic. modi is running away with the glory. rahul is sulking. mamma how to stop modi before it is zeroooooooooo
huge traffic in dubai in view of modi meeting url
crown prince of hashtag and pm hashtag joint statement creating a comprehensive strategic partnership url
i nvr believed in hypnotismthen thr was namo & his audience
with growing no. of namo success stories we must ensure not to give trp to hashtag hashtag
hashtag moment to see grand hashtag of our pm in uae
rt handle people chanting modi modi, same as
vajpayee, kalam & modi have proved that if there is no disturbance frm wife in life, even a poet, scientist or a chai wala can lead a nation
all nris can have evotes in indian elections. is namo going to announce it in hashtag s grand event?
thats modi style.handle
me too. i dont get a word of pms speech url
rt handle some hashtag r so sick that a little fevor of hashtag govt. results trending hashtag. hashtag
rt handle specially for handle handle handle handle handle enjoy ! hashtag url
after modi,s uae visit & his speech, is there any comparison between him & rahul, sonia type people
handle handle har taraf tera jalwa.modi made us so dignified in world.i never saw myself so strong.like american
handle i wouldnt b surprised if we see modi in n kneel down doggy position
rt handle pm modi in uae india, uae will promote cooperation in space incl joint dvpt,satellite launch hashtag
this is what modi ji did to pakistan,hashtag, hashtag & hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle handle lalit modi says thank you.
rt handle only possible in a party like bjp that person hailing from the teli community was chosen for the pm seat.sushil modi
the prime minister, shri narendra modi, today visited masdar url
hashtag . before hashtag, indian hashtag were like old hashtag hashtag team . they rarely win hearts once away home.
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights url via handle
the poor indian worker who built the stadium that modi is speaking in is probably still slogging his butt off in a corner of dubai
modi is in uae now. lads going places after being elected as pm
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag now talking about welfare fund . url
handle handle dawood is heavily invested in uae
uae allowed india to hurl threat to pakistan from its soil. this will have a long lasting effects in relations url
and after modi ji became pm. in any show u can see saba naqvi horribly trying to cover insult with an awkward smile url
handle cus ya int getting namo
rt handle modi brushes shoulders with sheikhs while bjp haryana police rough it with women url
hashtag pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium at around numrtnum tonight hashtag
handle whatever happens to india or modi, your dear congress party is on path of destruction.
rt handle what mr.modi would write in high school essay
you cannot hear modi and not get inspired this is the leader that young india needs
those asking why is hashtag traveling should shut up now url
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi hashtag
hashtag, hashtag united against hashtag, says pm hashtag in hashtag url handle
rt handle subramanian swamy writes to modi, blames ed chief of scuttling probe in national herald case url
rt handle people here dont own umbrellas. really.
seeing indias p.m narendra modi people out there are going crazy url
thank you sir to visit uae we have lots hop from you
handle handle channels are entertaining indian people abt dawood business shut in uae by modi.but lamo can not be brought back
handle handle handle handle handle not modi but pm of india matter of national self respect hate modi continues
modi addresses thousands of indian expats at dubai cricket stadium url etribune
rt handle sorry nris you are being hated as of now by indian intellectuals also known as libtardsmaybe post modi visit they wi
rt handle pakistan killing our jawans &civilians each day , but mr modi doesnt speak a single word on this. hashtag
unfollowed modi on facebook & twitter. ive my friends to post selfies.
handle handle his words turned out be true. modi thought that iron man of india is made of iron. so he started the statue.
modi in dubai but where are pseudo seculars mainly handle handle handle handle are they in intensive care unit.
live pm modi in uae takes a dig at past govt; draws congress ire url via handle handle
hashtag electrifying atmosphere. awaiting namo to address public in sometime
first pm to visit uae in num years.
handle stop communalising every move of modipublic sab dekh rahi hai
modi is not on a bjps political rally in uae handle cursing other indian parties abroad, concentrate on his main objective hashtag
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi url url
rt handle gay for modis oratory skills tbh
rt handle modi lowers the standard of pm postion by using cheap words. shame
live watch pm modi in uae only through dialogue can we solve issues with our neighbours pm modi url
rt handle it is hashtag for hashtag & hashtag for hashtag & madmoment for rioters in hashtaghashtag
modi can count to infinity twice. hashtag
handle handle no sir. modi has num.num million followers on twitter.
handle for once it looked modi was selling insurance to num people in one shot emoticon would have met his five years target today in uae
hashtag breaking news pakistan home ground is capture by modi.
i liked a handle video url live marhaba namo pm narendra modis speech from dubaitvnumpartnum
an idiot at work goossshhhh url
rt handle and modi sarkar wants to make farmers, industrial labour. url
live dubai is no longer a mini india. it has now become a mini world pm modi in dubai url
rockstar handle rocks hashtag hashtag hashtag url
has modi just indicated about dawoodhashtag
true. so true. so fucking true. xxx true. url
numk people under one roof chanting modi modi! its nt india its uae!
its so easy to become a modi fanboy. wteva his achvments, his aura & charisma r undeniable. want to c that magic translate num econ growth nw
rt handle handle modi becoming like a cheer leader ha ha , ask him to wear bikini also. hashtag
hashtag if michael jackson was rockstar of numth centuary narendra modi is rockstar of numst centaury what a speech !
see modi in dubai cricket stadium live on dd news numrtnum pm hashtag hashtag
pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium at around numrtnum tonight hashtag url
neither he is wearing a skull cap nor he got circumcised. secularism failed. url
num things modi should see before leaving the uae url hashtag
handle rtu r doing great modi ji atleast u have visited uae we are thankfull to u modiji
pm modi condemns twin bomb blasts in bangkok outside lord brahma temple url hashtag hashtag hashtag
.handle before he became pm, politicians warned communal riots would break out. to their disappointment url
which indian prime minister could have ever pulled out this large a crowd? hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle we told you earlier ~ there is no modi wave
picnum burnol for hashtag & congressi
has modi the emperor lost his shine? moneylife url
wonder which national leader hashad the same charisma as hashtag
rt handle our pm in a picture. precisely. hashtag url
handle ji roked the dubai woooooooooo. url
thats what i call an analyst! such accurate prediction a year in advance! sheer brilliance! url
rt handle i can see people are trying to trend a certain anti modi hashtag with same rhetorical tweets.
if modi visits mosque > he should visit anothr mosque to cement secular
handle what a strategic speech at uae modi jee has made it, as he understands the new world order a great leader of this era.
rt handle strongly condemn blast in bangkok.my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of injured, tweet
hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url
i dont know whether this is true or not but if it is true please take an action hope it reaches you
rt handle live hashtag watch crowds chant modi, modi as they await his speech url
waitno arab is wearing a skull cap. blow to i
dhandle hahah emoticon many msm journos i met in nyc & dc, they were so tired just covering modis events emoticon
hashtag indian pm in dubai after num years master stroke from namo url
handle handle handle this is source based news. swami wrote letter to modi few days back that ed cheif is helping sonia.
hashtag pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi on monday thanked the uae government for
hashtag all indians r proud of u pm modi, reading twits r giving u right picture of ppls mind.
rt handle shes asking y burnol stocks have ended today, very badly needed today url
.handle gifts pm hashtag the hindi version of his book hindi version in namaste pose cover?
also namo got land for a temple in url
one need to expose people they let them by themselves only modi ji
dubai cricket stadium has so far had hosted num odis, and now hosting num modi.
handle trust india trust modi hashtag
hashtag narendra modi takes over the front pages of uae newspapers url url
handle upa tried isolating pak in talks bjp is doing it by action&talks. in the past nummths, modi related terror to pak like never bnum.
rt handle prime minister modi manages to get uae on board against pakistan sponsored debate.on this the whole country stand with modi.thi
heard that even dawood was sitting in dubai stadium and clapping on every line by modi source
honest man is always feared url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai tonight num developments url via handle
handle atleast criticize namo on his policies, past grudges shouldnt come in the way to make an opinion
hashtag uae has agreed to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india
emoticon hashtag s attempt at malayalam! way to go!
num yrs gone by, keep on harping on the bad legacy & priorities & add false gloss to your achievements.
congress spokespersons across channels senseless trying to find faults with hashtag
rt handle when pm modi speaks the world listens each n every word of his hs so much substance tht it make our country proud of h
pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights
watch live shree narendra modi ji speech in dubai handle handle handle url
rt url etvandhra pm modi invites uae investors to use opportunities in india url via youtube
i dont think in my lifetime ill ever see a master statesman than our beloved pm modi ji. hashtag
modi ji whats the reason for change in world perception of india?
shame better ask so called strong modi to resign
handle handle yeah! its unfortunate modi is not emulating aaptards like faking certificates, injuries, harassing women etc.
why modi himself be a part of digital india ? spending crore crore money on rally
he is just fu**ing irritated that he wouldnt hv got the same receptionresponse as hashtag has got !
top leaders of world see num.num crore indians nd not me when they shake hands with modi pm handle
thats why they are called hashtag url
hashtag congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url
modi is the real india pm. he done something that no one from congress can do in num years. we salute u sir pm url
rt handle modi magic in hashtag read this tweet by handle handle url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai at num.num pm num developments url best search engines url
modi is daring to criticise hashtaghe he.
indian killed for trying to save girl from rape in up.
rt handle uae prince i will invest num.num cr in india
handle modi is expert in insulting others.atal, advani,only to begin. bhakts started abuse.
future tweet by handle modi wants to expand the roots of hindutva in uae by building temple there, minorities are in danger handle
and pm modi says some lines in malayalam emoticon practicing for the kerala elections campaign in april num? rtp
handle handle implementation is often the biggest roadblock. let us how the modi and kejriwal governments coordinate this.
i understand importance of arab states num pakistanis but u shud do program on arab atrocities agnst pakistani workers url
arvind kejriwal went to uae to get a numcr donation for himself (aap). modi get a $ numbillion investment for the country.
the dismal state of indian labourers in uae had modi reallyworried url
after modis mention kerala and malayali, congress jaw had been dropped from its mouth hashtag
namo live on news nation
rt handle modi i thank my predecessots for giving this opportunity to visit dubai after num years. hashtag hashtag
rt handle handle india is growing faster than any nation around the world. im telling the world, make in india. http
num,num indians to hear modi at marhaba namo event in dubai all roads in dubai would be leading to the dubai url
after sunny deol in gadar its narendra modi who has trolled pakistan in an islamic country. hashtag
taking modi history gyan seriously at your own risk !
likes of sagarika, bdutt, sardesai, ayyub, bainjal et al must be requiring burnol by the kilo watching muslims cheer modi like a celebrity
modi has no influence outside gujarat !
handle just in news, hashtag by hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
paid rss swamsewak in skullcaps at dubai stadium chanting moddimodi is a clear proof that muslims are not safe in dubai. handle
rt handle modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate url
handle handle handle handle handle jayram ramesh & diggy will say, modi flights bhar bhar ke le gaya tha
modis sly game is too strong.
handle handle handle handle how long we hide these cease fire violations from modi? let him know the truth,act against
people waiting for modi to hear, curious what he will sayhashtag url
hashtag pm narendra modi holds talk with uae crown prince url hashtag hashtag
handle handle modi b like respect my authoritaa
so true ,, namo is a phenomena url
rt handle friends watch it live on handle !
rt handle hashtag modi your remittances are a huge contribution
hashtag hashtag about num workers broke into applause when mr modi arrived at an indoor basketball court yesterday at a large (num)
handle i guess india is growing at a rapid pace with modi as pm hashtag
they all came to listen modi ji
rt handle modi asks crowd to give standing ovation to uaes crown prince for alloting land to temple. people oblige. handle
rt handle who cares! when modi on a song with the diaspora rtp url
handle cool. when it comes to modi, all is well emoticon
handle modi wave is everywhere except in the minds of inc & aap leaders.they must be squirming in their seats seeing hashtag
what does this even mean? url
url pm modi urges uae to invest in india
yes, its a baseless propaganda, but havent seen bjps response on this and that what gives credence to aapcon thugs url
handle handle handle by the time modi retire world will be two segments num. admire modi num. hate pak. he will expose pak all way.
handle muslim personal board has no authority to preach modi ,what he shud do & what not.
handle handle let modi promise nukes for saudis in that case. promise karorakho mat rakho baad mei dekhe gay.
we did this this for this nation it might b self destructive.
we proud on you handle
only a leader of modis stature can talk about terrorism in an islamic country. hashtag hashtag ka hashtag
handle sir u shold get doctorate in speech. ur speech todae was truly incrediblehashtaghashtag
no dont fight to me when i sly you even modi ji slys people so yeah
modi is observing silence on border shelling in poonch ncp url outlook wires
more power to modilets showcase indiahandle handle url
dubais sultan has shown true secularism by worshipping in hindu temple. he has become true friend of indians. all credit goes to modi jee.
modi in masdar one trillion dollar investment possible in india. url hashtag
rt handle absolutely and poor ashutosh numb thinks namo is referring to his much ignored boss overseas too! url
rt handle whole crowd is chanting in unison, modi modi modi at dubai stadium. loud echoes of vande mataram. hashtag hashtag hashtag
pmmodi at numth independencedaycelebrations at red fortdelhi
his critics were rightmodi has no influence outside gujarat hashtag url
interesting read. hashtag handle handle handle handle handle handle handle url
handle handle what does modi ministry have to do here?
socioeconomic schemes to protect poor from hashtag num url
prime minister narendra modi, with over one mil
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai url url
our lovable prime minister modi ji, this is my first tweet i ever post in tweeter. why our law is differnt for a man & woman as both r same?
handle we should also have to wait to see how uae&co react postmodi visit?
rt handle modi stays there for a few more daysand they will start wearing saffron skull caps hashtag hashtag
handle yes. namo charism and character douled by emirates tour.ndtv and arnab has to wept for this as rahul sonia escaped at yogaday
rt handle sadist optimist rtp url
in uae, modi asking nris to read my book might have helped soothe some of num wounds handle
rt handle now modi thinks islam is peace ! sweet ! url
rt handle hate him all you want. modi stands tall and proud wherever he goes.
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url hashtag
sheiks in hashtag are amazed seeing the euphoria of indian diaspora and chant of modi. hs any leader evr been loved so much
modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! huh ! hashtag
this singh is roar again nd again nd again. love u sir narender singh modi u rocks. feeling excited
last message of general hameed gul to modi before death
url rt timesnow pm narendra modi departs from abu dhabi for dubai on the second leg of his url
hashtag rocked with that malayalam wishes to keralites hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation pm modi url
mr.modi went to uae labour camp was different like rahuls entry of poor man house why the nris not having
oponents explain why all tv serials, othr progrms has zero viewership and in every house modi ji can be heared hashtag
so many muslims supporting modi. now waiting for aaptards and rahul baba to claim it was all fake & madeup. hashtag
rt handle youth congress taking hair & nails they cut in this box to pm modis office. asking him to get their dna tested http
rt handle thanks to mr. modi all my ungles and aunthies in abu dubhai will finally go to their own temble. thiz iz zimbly zuperb
he is not only most popular but he has also created a cult of his own. we are too lucky to have him.
modi ji trolling porkistan right now on good taliban and bad taliban.
handle doing a handle numk has come num dubai cricstd. num see&listen namo. handle handle handle handle
he talked very good things to the people at dubai.
anynum wanting report caed of nda govt can find it in pm modis speeches on foreign soil! hashtag
great show with pm modi in dubai
dubai happens to be pakistan home ground as if modi cares. bwaaaaaaah! hashtag
hello pessimistic optimist pseudosarcastic, dnum u want to get free iphnumne num? please kindly check my binum. thx url
handle modi sir today ppl might start thinking dat u gave up corruption & compromise d with soniaji pls com clear on this issue sir
modi magic hasnt faded (for nris at least)
i must admit if india goes innum war, modi can inspire a lazy like me to sit up and participate in the battlefield hands on
national anthem being sung in dubai before pm narendra modis address in national stadium url
live on hashtag inside the hashtag people are chanting modi modi modi hashtag hashtag url
start up india, stand up india campaign launched by modi url
handle so basically you are turning your fight into political by targeting modi ? is it? if so then its a shame
so proud of you sir handle.
we shall not tolerate terrorism anymore. we shall join hands and fight terrorism. put an end to hashtag modi ji
pity this woman! the heartburn is evident. url
you simply rock with your words sir
dear so cld seculars and secular parties in india.kndly chk d gathering in dubai. most ppl r minorities der n cheering for namo.hashtag
modi has proven once again that majority of people r stupid and can be fooled as many times as anyone wants.
hashtag hashtag pm modi urges uae to invest in india bbc news url
handle subtlety is the key to being a great trollwho knows better but modi
but, what is modi outside gujarat! url
rt handle it is a bahubali moment for hashtag hope the pseudo seculars listen to the modi chant in dubai
rt handle good corruption bad corruption
meanwhile mr modi has taught the world that only a gujju can enter a grand mosque and get a temple passed hashtag
modi now blabbering about schemes. still cant woo indians in dubai. hashtag
rt handle modi is targeting the nri malayali, perhaps, not from a vote perspective but to choke off what is a rich vein of funding for the
pm modi to arrive in dubai at numpm times now times of india (blog) url hashtag
ahhh. if it isnt whatabouttary, its shouldhavedonnary url
namo not only indian leader but a leader who praise among the world hashtag
rt handle impressive minute to minute reporting by handle of hashtag url
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans exservice chiefs write to pm modi on orop the serv url
modi offers $numtrn investment opportunities url
modi visits worlds first carbonfree masdar city url
namo calls india maa bharati he won it here only! a person calling nation as mother can never go wrong! hashtag
handle ye hai jalwa.modi made me as strong as american feel.
rt handle pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium to address the indian diaspora.
rt handle hehehe! the condition of so called secular people in india after modis visit to sheikh zayed mosque url
handle handle aftr doing a fair tweet on namo sheik sg demonstrates his antinamo credential num numxnum channel num remain in gudbook
i am thinking how will i react when nepalibangladeshi pm will come and do am event like modi do in other countries. hashtag
point being? rt handle modi says how he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we dont get tea for re num
nise modi sar is great
handle handle get pm modi on live speech only on httprtnewsmobile.in
rt handle wow touched hashtag url
handle more than numlax of indians are still waitinghandle num namo like a better indian patriatist will come&save them .pl.save them sir.
ignore talks they cant do any wrong karma against you all our friends king family eg modi, barak. sanjeev n karan. terror friends
rt handle cultural performances going on ahead of narendra modis arrival at hashtag hashtag community reception url
rt handle if i was a pm i would be really worried by this letter. most chilling warning till date. read the content. url
rt handle what a spectacular view . kudos everyone who trusts namo in this manner.hashtag hashtag hashtag url
lulz the pain of ants in pants and bottom on fire url
oilseed output at fiveyear low poses challenge for pm narendra modi url
rt handle sanghis & islamic fundies have a common cause against secularism. nepali muslims asking for hindu raj is a recent eg url
amazing num libertywalk.
watching our pms modis speech at dubai. num,num+ indians turn up.
vn the poll how do you rate narendra modis iday speech? on url hashtag url via handle
rt handle url hashtag pm modi jis rally tomorrow at numpm in bihar. hashtag hashtag
rt handle people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival today
and those who dont shall be found in one or the other stream. url
numlakhscrore invest from modis visit past govt earn for them by corruption modi earns for nation by negotiations.
pakistani pissed off during modi speech. iam sure they will not sleep tonight hashtag
no leader has connected indians in such manner as hashtag has done. unity in diversity that too on foreign lands. hashtag
handle this is how narendra modi dragged pakistan in todays hashtag
pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok the indian express url
modi will surpass srk in terms of twitter followers shortly
you dont need bullets to kill, you can do it by pen( or keyboard). brilliant piece by handle url
why are jokers in cong getting upset about this? it includes abv also url
to all those who say what mr. modi has done in all these months
handle modi is quite serious about this and i am sure he will respond within the expected time.
rt handle artists dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero modi url hashtag
this is a great step.
handle handle this is accidental tour of modi ji because his intention is clear about to catch daud ibrahim
pm narendra hashtag has visited num countries in the last num months url handle hashtag url
rt handle handle modi upclose and personal with indian expats in uae!
thanks modi sir proud of you india url
dubai has created a magnetic power of development wich has attracted ppl even from colder countries to call it der home. modi hashtag
now hashtag jis allied sena also stood up strongly against police action over veterans who sacrificed for nation! hashtag url
but we must demand cut throat securalism from him.
rt handle the crowd thats cheering at modis each word consists of hindus as well as sizeable muslims & christians. cc aadarsh libe
rt handle eagerly waiting for modis visit when hell speak about fund cut to ne states, deportation of all illegal bangladeshis
the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo url hashtag, hashtag, hashtag, hashtag
prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast. url
handle put them in jail,what is stopping modi,mass conversion is due to atrocities of upper class hindus which r ruling now
modis madison moment but handle missing in action hashtag hashtag
symbol of peace, piety, harmony and inclusiveness that are inherent to the faith of islam ~ modi hashtag url
friends watch it live on handle !
nris will get voting rights soon. so now cry even more handle handle url
handle handle this is bcoz uae wants to tell him a mosque is a sacred place. modi devil should think much before destroying it emoticon
rt handle dear modi ji
modi speech in dubai. his bonding to nepal as shown in picture below url
handle handle handle well congress will come out now and say modi exported num people for the event.
im watching modis speech in a single window broadcast. yes im watching dd news. uninterrupted handle
rt handle if he (modi) has such a great agenda, he has to deliver tom vadakkan, congress hashtag
indias modi visits hashtag labour camp, a clear message that will not allow rampant exploitation of its workers url
num ppl in dubai stadium to hear modi speaks a lot about his popularity world wide hashtag
rt handle hashtag modi india taking its place on global stage
rt handle theres been num percent growth in fdi in india pm hashtag url url
got the reply whats that?
handle love u so much but whenever u visits foreign country all of them chant modi ask them to chant india if i am wrong excuse me
rt handle photoshop pics of uae wellcoming modi, by bjp supporters. modi gone to settle hashtag deal. bhakts plz clap. url
when modi speaks, the world listens. hashtag
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation modi hashtag hashtag
modi magic in gulf country url
hashtag modi is very optimistic & confident of the outcome of his each visit abroad, but net result, so far, is big zero.
rt handle bjp & modi badly exposed. url modi being credit chor is an insult to indians. emoticon
pm narendra modi at the reception hosted by ambassador of india in united arab emirates (uae) at dubai (photo pib url
handle if modi come to power the dollar rate will come low to num rs, now its num rupees, he is been in power nearly num and half years, wats
amazing response from indians in hashtag. what is it about hashtag? not marketing alone surely
now that namo has rocked uae will pak pm nawaz sherrif try it too
that awkward moment in history when modi poses as bulwark against terrorism and hugs an arab shaikh while trying to champion human rights
check this similar hashtag shirt handle url
url via handle handle hashtag a new step in indias successful run
overwhelmed hashtagbased painter presents mothers blessings portrait to indian pm hashtag url url
china, usa & now russia oppose indias candidacy for permanent seat in unsc.
modi getting a tremendous reception at a stadium in uae. last time an indian got such a reception at an uae stadium was tendulkar. hashtag
handle handle modi bridge the gap
in india, suckulars rushed to stores to buy burnol rtd
modi also talked abt developing infrastructure num cnct nepal, india, bhutan & bdesh and also as a way of cncting india to the east. good stuf
that was as much malayalam as i am russian. url
handle handle handle but, is the pm not uttering absolute lie on uae backing unsc seat. url
handle handle they say even give devil his due but rana is url you should love modi for liberalism.
handle hey there neha, wassup?, watching namos speech?
rt handle dear handle apply burnol u will b ok soon hashtag hashtag url url
rt handle modi insists on eating veg food in an islamic country. exactly the kind of hindutva fascism ranaji was afraid of! url
rt handle northeast india used to be a victim of terror for long, before independence, and this slowly spread to rest of india mo
rt handle there are around num flights between uae & india, but it took an indian pm num years to reach uae pm modi hashtag https
sources say next, handle will write on whether modi should colour his hair with loreal or godrej haird colour.
handle handle india is rocking as modi leaves dubai
rt handle not trying to rain on his parade & hes doing well, but this is how modi meets & chants are choreographed.
handle handle lol if gov falls today; modi & team will get all pensions & rtonly numm who voted rtso hit hard man
first post. then think. url
next election modi should contest from abu dhabi.he will definitely win
rt handle sanctions were put on india. that time, vajpayee ji had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi url
rt handle will modi ask real jaitalynumstand ? ed is filled with puccachor implants & jaitley entertains them handle
modi aka show off addressing num,num people in uae. url
modi is praising prince crown so much i am worried sheikh mohammad will take him back home tonight
great speech by modi ji. url
hashtag crowd chanting modi modi burnol moment for sickulars url
rt handle pm is on a mission
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi url
i was expecting modi may say something in malayalam
handle namos prayer in the grand mosque saved the indians from the blast hashtag are you happy now lol
undoubtedly my father is huge fan of handle ji. he is watching namos each & every speech on television. currently hashtag .
goduhind modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever url
got the first time in decades india projects its real strength.after a long time modi acts like the pm!sour puss response from the congress
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle congi aapin will say arre they bohris gujarati who support
handle sir. are u getting these pictures modimodimodi url
modi in uae live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says pm url
fuck modi. cover hashtag issue on tv!
probably the first time he has openly trolled pakistan
excellent connect, touching all issues of specific relevance to the indian diaspora in dubai; modi modimodi url
lol at least we dont have to deal with a semi literate dynastic delinquent. wow thats even a bit poetic. url
after hashtag hashtag govt to launch hashtag to help differently abled people, sounds interesting
crown prince of uae has pledged to invest num.num lakh crore rupees in india pm modi hashtag url
liked on youtube pm modi to address the indian community in dubai url
rt handle this is what u call bad journalism! there are plenty of mosques in indian itself if such was the case. hashtag htt
handle you have touched a raw nerve of modis blind bhakts ,be prepared for the abuses
modis entire focus on this uae trip has been to sully pakistan. nice.
rt handle read my tweet again url
every time i hear namo speak, i wonder how did we manage to survive numyrs of poor mms eloquence
a great wise job done by mr modi. this is an opportunity provide more jobs. url
what kind of magnetic power must uae have generated in terms of growth that everyone wants to come here, despite the heat pm modi hashtag
rt drindrajeetrai hashtag pm modis speech so far rsnum.num lakh crore investment, land for first temple in uae, joint statement on ter
congress leaders looted india and stashed their money abroad,modi through his foreign visits bringing those money back via fdi. hashtag
rt handle un is still not able to define terrorism narendra modi
rt handle we sent drinking water to maldives through flights pm hashtag url url
weve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm modi in du url url
rt handle after hashtag, modi government to launch hashtag to help differently abled people.
isbpl hashtag crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the url
handle handle a stupendous success for pm modi. you have to be blind not to see the mood in dubai stadium
congress shocked. damad too had properti
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modimodi url
handle show one major case of corruption done by modi after may num not a single rupee scam handle
handle maam this numst time syndrome will lead us know wherejust educate bhakts to read the +ives dat happened bnum modi
i added a video to a handle playlist url pm narendra modis address to the nation on numth independence day from
handle narendra damodardas modi hits fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir hashtag
who said nobody knows modi outside guj?
one of hundreds of words of wisdom spoken by hameed gul one was modi is a gift for pakistan this was an american slang spoken by marhoom
hashtag today need burnol pls help them lol haaha handle handle handle hashtag hashtag url
never forgot to shake hands and be friendly. it is an important lesson about namos leadership, hashtag hashtag
handle uaes warm welcome to pm modi signals a major shift in the middle east foreign policy. a new moment in indoarab relations.
pompous & obnoxious modi who is a godse bhakt is talking against terrorism. what a joke he is, running away from india.
rt handle weve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm modi in dubai url
rt handle modi ji please give subsidy on burnol they need it like hell! sikulars jal jal ke mar jaenge hashtag url
dear modi you dont get tired just speaking and speaking ! that to literally fake
true. modi is a lame duck pm whos lost much of his support base.now only nris support him url url
modis selfie obsession continues at sheikh zayed grand mosque further, in a series of tweets the indian pr url
hashtag at dubai what a crowd !
time in indiahistory the tallest building in the world burj khalifa namo visit dubai num and num august feeling proud url
i can say proudly that when vajpayee called for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the most pm hashtag
reaction of nawaz sharif, after modi trolled pakistan standing in the heart of uae (their so called brother mulk)
india to set up counseling camps at indiandominated places in uae on regular intervals narendra modi
nothing real and definite modi licking the tip of the iceberg hashtag
big thanks to modi ji
jan bhagidari of hashtag under modi govt. has brought unprecedented citizen participation in governance. url
rt handle pm modi currently in this form hashtag hashtag url
rt handle handle handle in num, namo wooed kerala syrian x, bjp got num of x vote, num of m vote, numsc, num obc, num fc vote
watch todays speech of modi hashtag and watch some youtube videos hashtag speech. specially that applause piece. similarity? hashtag
handle it seems u heard modi from uaemast ram kar gaya apna kam aur ap as usual grinning at home.
the all india muslim personal law board (aimplemoticon on monday said prime minister narendra modi could have chosen url
so truethere is no good or bad hashtagno, what do u say chai wala modi url
no doubtmodi is electric! hashtag
how can chota hashtag sellwhich cannot be sold by sahara & roy? funny news by starved modia dastards hashtag hashtag
hashtag modi govt. searching for formula which ensure that servicemen are happy & govt. finances are unaffected. that formula does nor exist.
handle file fir on rahul and sonia of rajivs wrong doings and corruption to show modi,you , arun jaitly & other leaders have guts.
handle remarkable. no doubt. from achievable nationhoodto namo elder brother handle handle handle
after divisive house session, modi bats for team india url
last i checked nris were still indian citizen who love india
hashtag pm modi to address a num,num strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in num minutes.
handle handle thats modi for you, knows how to do temple politicsshame shame modi
rt handle today, modi carried a cheat sheet and was reading from there. but the nationalist channels have objection only to rahu
handle world ka subsay bada madari h pm modi now u can watch in dubai drama maker
handle handle modi comes in at num
handle submitting to hashtag by rg & recognizing namo as his leader brightens his future as the official spokesman for women welfare
rt handle handle handle handle u.gonna miss modi.speech
rt handle modi handshake leaves workers speechless.
pm modis visit to the nonresident indians (nris) in the uae url via handle
narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir handle handle hashtag
pl. keep tweeting like this
live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora recreate madison squarelike event for modi speech url
handle tats namo for u
handle handle handle is a waste pm to india. he cn mesmerise wth his words bt no action. first failure pm to india is modi.
namo is the true leader. hashtag via handle url
after speech sagarika will count the number of times he mentions his highness crown prince of abu dhabi
rt handle most useless news and propaganda. unsc cn b dn only aftr us, china n russia, rest all no matter hashtag url
handle great leader of great country jai hind)) url
is lalit modi helping sahara chief subrata roy get out of jail? former indian premier league url hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle diggy happy hashtag visited mosque but never wore skull cap at home. basically he means modi trying to save india from
rt handle again my moment to say awwww ! pm modi gives credit to num.num crores indians for everything. such a humble person he is.
and thats the bottom line coz narendra bhai modi said so url
rt handle so modi spoke few lines in malayalam and all the mallus went crazy lmao
overwehleming welcome to shri narendra modi
congress what did modi bring from his foreign tours?
handle handle what a great lucky sharp person modi is. he keeps his mouth sealed at the country and enjoy it in other countries?
pm modi address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium, says you are enhancing indias pride hashtag
handle modi pm hindh, u have spent ur entire life as a murder cadre of rss n then trfrd as a smut chauvinist in d bjp genocides
rt handle .handle handle like seriously! url
a job well done pm cheers url
rt handle fdi in india will grow by num in one year narendra modi ji hashtag
rt handle modi might have spoken in malayalam, but dont worry mohanlal, youre still my main man in lungi
unhe pata tha ye modi ek din modi da pm banega.
rt handle is lalit modi helping sahara chief subrata roy get out of jail? former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner http
yeah baby i just saw ^ url
work with your counter. url
modi to inaugurate num,num cr projects in bihar tomo modi to inaugurate num,num cr url sps
handle handle wrong choice of word, barrier. uae gives employment to num lakhs indians n num of remittance, wo modi visit.
modis special package for bihar on august num union minister
rt handle handle watch the speech emoticon url
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation pm modi url
rt handle then sachin sand storm.
hashtag twin crackers as modi gets temple and mosque url
handle handle handle after modi in power not a single riot happened in bjp ruled state, check facts.
thank you mr. modi for a purposeful prime time here in india. media, get your act right. its high time hashtag
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain strong friendship with our neighbours pm modi
namo speech getting into election style in dubai
no of muslims in dubai turning up for namos speech speaks support he is recieving from them hashtag
handle i agree. muslims and xtians dislike modi, hindus indians adore him handle
modi hits sixes from dubai stadium and ball falls in pakistan. hashtag
pm narendra modi writes his signature on a touch screen in masdar city hashtag url
handle pm modi asks attendees to give the crown prince a standing ovation for all he has done for the indian community. hashtag
waiting for the speech of narendra damodardad modi at uae on tv screen.
pls to increase limit on how much gold we can bring to india from dubai mmmkay, modi ji.
rt handle modi departs from dubai tonight itself, no overnight stay. arab sheikhs love num things. dont want to elaborate more on
rt handle im sure that by the end of this speech, crown prince will give up his delegation to modi. hashtag
rt handle pm modi no matter how big the issue is, only peaceful talks can find a solution
the modi effect hashtag
handle modi has singled out pakistan for special treatment today
hashtag pm narendra modi on indouae joint statement denouncing terrorism url
humanitarian corruption. as in handle case
arguably greatest indian pm ever emoticon
no wonder pakistan hates hashtag. he just finds words and ways to irritate the hell out of it. amazing! hashtag
in dubai too it is event management and pr of modi,when will these psuedoseculars and presstitutes accept, people lookup to him hashtag
rt handle if modi asks people to run into a stone wall, they would hashtag
rt handle whether you love him or hate him, you cant deny that his charisma works. world has a new leader to look up to. hashtag
handle hashtag from friends in dubai that large number of pakistanis in d crowd & cheering modi wholeheartedly hashtag
todays speech of hashtag is a tight slap on those who were saying modi a tourist, numday he gave his report of what v gained frm his tours
modi bitches about previous govts on international trip just like those neighbour wali aunties critize. maa baap nahi dekhte kya inke.
this marhaba namo show is not looking secular. tsk.
the joint uaeindia statement on modis visit will keep some pakistani diplomats up tonight url
there are about num flights between hashtag & hashtag yet it took num years for a handle to visit hashtag hashtag. good one modi. hashtag
handle its a hashtag for congress & others url
they sell apartments all weekend in handle
modi is relax on speech, glory is different in uae. hashtag
everytime modi said crown prince somewhere in delhi a youth icon was going meee, meee. hashtag
celebrating silence and working modi styleothers are emptyvessels
rt handle hashtag hashtag about num workers broke into applause when mr modi arrived at an indoor basketball court yesterday at
this modi website for dubai mentions his degree which he removed, spreads lies & calls him poet.
modis last two speechesnumth aug and dubais. not quite his hallmark speeches. has modi lost his mojo? hashtag
very good and joyful speech by modi in dubai cricket stadium. hashtag
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans exservice chiefs write to pm modi on orop url
modi handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. hashtag
greatly impressed by the hospitality our pm mr. modi got in uae . a proud, vibrant nation with a progressive society. thanks uae.
handle handle india today has already decided that modi is on event management even before modi speaks. raj deep
handle blast near hindu temple and u expect modi should not condemn it y dont u declare urself as anti hindu
newsnumonline good taliban, bad taliban. good terrorism, bad terrorism wont work anymore modi in dubai (live) url
[august num, num at numrtnumpm] pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates. via url
url burj khalifa light in indian flag colours to welcome narendra modi given this honour!
get ready to watch hashtag live on hashtag. follow handle on twitter! hashtag hashtag
handle dear,send ur fragain in front of this crowd,m sure us scene will be rep,his tweets,showshimself against modi butlooks antiindia
handle by bhakts i meant modis blind followers on twitter
a visual treat of indian heritage can be seen in dubai cricket stadium just before hashtags speech hashtag hashtag
handle west bengal had the same problem. thats why didi. i am no pro or anti modi. sad we dont have anyone anywhere closer to him.
rt handle what did cong guy sycophant of queen say modi will not be known out of gujarat eat crow mani,a chaiwalah has made us more p
this visit modi ji with his visits n speech trolled congis hashtag and media tards big time poor guys left with no words emoticon
handle cannot digest the success of namo in uae ? eat hajmola today
rt handle dubai cricket stadium turns festive for showman hashtag. this indian pm surely knows how to create a big buzz! hashtag
feeling proud abt his drama. url
rt handle hashtag amid chants of marhaba namo
prime minister narendra modi unleashes best performance by an indian in dubai cricket stadium new delhiprime url
thats our modi hashtag
rt handle its really amazing energy in modis reception in dubai hashtag url
handle handle excellent & impressive show at dubai cricket stadium, & pm modi ji giving standing podium to uae prince
pm modis dubai speech key highlights handle wonderful fact based speech url
pm hashtag hits out at pak for blocking saarc free trade url url
wo started nummake it isue frm lastnight,this is inc,jdu,rjd & other socalled secular forces inlight of biharelection url
back to back setbacks for liberals, so called intellectuals, libtards as wherever modi goes, ppl chant
rt handle pm modi got num problems but a foreign tour aint one. hashtag
akkhnna url rt drgarekar people are biasedfor hashtag,crowd in hashtag is chanting hashtag.modiif hashtag goes t
hashtag should learn to use the cheat notes but he should learn to make it himself correctly first. hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modimodi url url
rt handle all indians in abu dhabi should thank the leaders for allocating land for temple narendra modi
blast just before modi starts his speech is it to divert intl medias attention from dubai?
the best feeling in the world tweet something antimodi, now sit back and laugh at hashtag burning to ashes for it. hashtag
modi warns pakistan on terror. hashtag
pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast in bangkok pm modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took place outside url
narendra modi on muslims and islam url url
hashtag pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra modi on url
rt handle pm modi says have to make india into an educated modern country hashtag
rt handle breaking people chanting modi modi inside mosque r not just indian but mostly paki & bangladeshis
handle modi makes history in uae gulf making indians proud and respect of indians in international community at all time high.
not surprice by seeing hashtag trending nw a days a paki coments on indian fb pages against modi nd all sikcular likes the comt
rt handle cii hails nda govts efforts to curb black money menace
darsh liberals are being kicked in their butts
when you have rahul make it handle
handle numth fill hoga phir bhi emoticon huge crowd hai emoticon modi pr never fails sir emoticon bheed toh hai dusre angles seemoticon hope it materializes tooemoticon
handle handle hashtag new era starts of friendship between india and uae thanks namo handle
^~^ crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi
we salute both of you for this courageous step, yet please take care of your health. god give you plenty of strength url
handle oh he is just following modis antics
and pm handle has finally arrived at dubai stadium. modi modi chants echoes. hashtag hashtag
india has launched an online platform madad for all nris narendra modi
follow him, critique him, write him off from varanasi to dubaittz bread & butter of a parasite
copied tweet from handle url
url media propaganda projected as lion, proved hashtag handle. handle handle handle handle
et commentary pm modis independence day speech exhibits a disturbing distance from reality url
ndtv sanctions were put on india. that time, vajpayee ji had asked indians all over the url url
after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people the url
handle we r busy in our past, modi is busy in making future in uae,
modi brushes shoulders with sheikhs while bjp haryana police rough it with women url
url crowds going crazy why aint try they showing it on indian channels bdutt sardesairajdeep url
in the end, modi will be a winner
rt handle beware of handle he will come up with a diff definition for this picture. url
people shouting modi modi inside stadium url
rt handle you can watch hashtag here> marhaba namo forward together hashtag
rt handle modi spoke on providing electricity in ne. that means he supports big dams. but his party came to power by opposing big da
handle modi stupid is selfie maker not sheikhs.
when modi bad mouth abt d govt which put india in d world map as world numrd largest economy wt do ppl in other country think abt him? hashtag
rt handle handle handle handle handle anyway its being critical ,expectations r high namo needs to prioritize it as
handle handle handle lol, inc . perception is ias is stalling, & modi not doing anything.
and its time to listen modi listening to modis rally in dubai hurry hashtag
handle we bhakts dont have a problem with this. modi isnt acting sickular like ak or nitish or other fools by wearing skull cap
pm modi has made india proud againthis time in uaekeep it up modi ji desh aapke sath h
ever since madison square, modi govt has spent billions on these events abroad. what did india get in return? no change in unsc. fdi tanked.
handle but unftntly the msm is not covrng it. then it bcms modis duty to bring it to evrbdys notice
did our pm modi say something about workers from bihar? hashtag
namo pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin economic times pm narendra modi one url
a very historical and successfull journey by our pm url
handle this is a very cheap comment by modi on his predecessor pms including atal bihari vajpayee who too did not find it necessary.
handle history in making! so much of cheering for pm modi ! just love d way he speaks hashtag hashtag url
this open letter from an engineer to prime minister narendra modi is going viral on facebook url via handle
rt handle in a short while from now hashtag modi to address indian diaspora at the dubai cricket stadium
by now handle should have realised tt namo handle handle will not raise sogas petticoat above herurl
im not surprised modi portraying himself as bjp prime minister. forget about india. he should have canvassed for bihar
rt handle wondered thru out what author wanted to say. felt like editor demanded an article, so wrote something url
handle hats off to mr modi. i adore this great soul. who made us proud in the gulf. god give him good health
rt handle pm modi asks indian diaspora to give standing ovation to his highness crown prince of abu dhabi for alloting land for const
handle seats behind modi were empty and bhakts are claiming whole stadium was full
narendra modi is a rockstar.i have no doubts in num years he will change a lot in india.so much crowd only in indopak games in uae
hashtag hashtag hashtag write to pm modi, ask to resolve the issue immediately hashtag url url
handle handle i like modi but when u hear this, the person is closet aaptard or congi
why pm modi was silent on ceasefire violations. hashtag
rt handle modi is pitching india to investors single handedly for num states, num cms, num.numbillion while handle and kin can do is
handle no modi sayers are destined to be nomadic
rt handle handle thinks public will listen to her crap and stop referring modi as rockstar.
.handle modi knows it how?
namo has to deliver before he travels or open his mouthhashtag
rt today democracy is under threat in india . the attack by govt orders on retired defence personal has made me cr url
modi speak about nepal earthquack naw use
huge crowds gather at dubai cricket stadium to hear modi url url
num. modimodichants in mosque
modi & bjp busy with politics even when our jawans continue to die in the border every day.this govt is useless. url
that too with congies and pakies emoticon url
indian pm winning arab hearts could change the way how indian muslims view themselves and how they see modi
hashtag pls include riots also in this agreement. muslims of india is facing terrorist of riots. url
is ter any election happening in uae were bjp s contesting y modi doing election campaign in uae.
what a great lines by our prime minister mr. narendra modi, num flights from india to dubai than we took num years to come here.
rt handle it is not fare on modis part to be successfull in evary fareign visits. he sud give some room for opposition to survive.
pm narendra modi visits hashtag city, hashtag
rt handle this is what pm modi wrote at the mosque s vistors book url
rt handle high highness crown prince came to greet me at the airport with his brothers pm modi hashtag url
i am hashtag a miniindia hashtag, hashtag pm hashtag in hashtag
namo super trolling pakis without naming themhahaha loving it hashtag hashtag url
modi is openly mocking islamist terrorism from there. its not even subtle emoticon
handle its superb proud feeling url namo live and modi modi.enchants all.over stadium.
i will provide you nonmodi tweets.
after watching namo speech i think all parties change their slogan hum pareshan karte rahe, wo desh mai nivesh karte rahe. hashtag
rt handle modi picks on hashtag. somebody in the stadium start shouting maggimaggi
dubai stadium half packed hours before pm modis speech url
modi now talking about indias presence and strategic ties within south asia. nepal, sri lanka, maldives, afghanista. good stuff
after elections we r waiting for even numacre
i want to thank the rulers that they have backed indias candidature for a permanent seat in unsc pm modi in du url
handle ever pondered abt the misdemeanours of upa num which made ppl modify their sense of history ? no smoke without fire !
indeed the tune modimodi imbibes confidence in supporters of modi nd nationalists and rattles opponents hashtag url
modi rockstar what a quality speech! handle hashtag
i am very thankful to the uae govt for their decision to allot land in url
modi pays tribute to nris in the middle east hashtag url
rt handle modis popularity has gone up at least num times in last num hours
rt handle hashtag for your attention handle handle url
for num years, no one spoke about the lack of toilets in indian schools. modi did, and they called it a gimmick. hashtag
rt handle first pm num speak white lies from red fort on independence day? hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag ht
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in url hashtag
handle following him in hashtag url
this is by far the most fruitful visit of pm modi of all of the visits to different countries. i appreciate him for he came to uae.
rt handle (num) exclusive hashtag narendra hashtag talks to khaleej times ahead of hashtag visit url url
hashtag should get inspired towards hashtag and will get a similar in india. hashtag
ndtv such a big liar only showing tweets against modi statements about inherited lethargy handle handle handle fool media
rt handle mr modi, who is jasodaben
shikhar dhawan hashtag modi hashtag
modi ji is addressing in dubai
international cooperation and coordination is needed, which modi ji fulfills
rt handle sorry state of indian media. url
in other news shortage of hashtag in india ! url
rt handle frustrated goondas & anarchists url
so much for modijis election rhetoric on recognising soldiers contribution. he proved to be a pure politician url
pm modi was very very angry on independence day but today he is very very calm and composed and took his enemies to cleaners hashtag
me in num silence is golden. come on guys. be silen
live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it modi url
fantastic turnout at the stadium. url
rt handle apart from inspiring companies like us to (make good applications) hashtag url
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi hashtag via
rt handle the modi sarkar is as spineless as a maggi noodle. it has been neutralised in num minutes flat. hashtag
it has taken num years for an indian pm to come to uae narendra modi
rt handle pm modi was very very angry on independence day but today he is very very calm and composed and took his enemies to clean
rt handle that smile on malayalis when namo mentioned kerala is awesome hashtag
handle handle handle then there is modi involved rss bjp vhp id hindu hardliners party
in dubai modi managed to get land for temple
rt handle what do u expect from aaptards url
pm modi to inaugurate rs num cr road projects in bihar tomorrow url (press release) (blog) url
prakash jha should sign mr modi for his next film. what theatrics by mr jumla hashtag
apparently no malayalam channels covered modis visit to uae in detail . lets see what print media has to say tomo hashtag
rt handle when it rains in india, people in dubai open their umbrellas to protect us pm modi. hashtag
rt handle perturbed over highhanded treatment against veterans on august num former defence chiefs write to pm modi demanding orop
it was decided in num that the temple will be built in abu dhabi so how modiji has arranged it with uae govt? url
handle handle rest morgerson duo would be convinced that modi should be stopped from succeeding. disruption is their sole game.
strange reaction from congress spokespersons on tv channels to jt. indouae statement. time to say well done to modi.
rt handle what a idea handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle url
rt handle make in india, thats a new thing in modis speech. wow, he has started to impress, something new no? url
how many of you watched prime minister naredra modi delivering his speech in uae. i personally felt after the num url
hashtag today i came to know for whom tagore write the word adhinayak in ratragaan. hashtag the heart ruler.
just what was needed, *raising glass* url
handle handle no matter you like or support which party. modi ji is our pm. give respect to him as a indias pm.
q&a pm modis visit to the nonresident hashtag (nris) in the hashtag url
rt handle now hashtag jis allied sena also stood up strongly against police action over veterans who sacrificed for nation! hashtag https
this is called magic modi magic in
i strongly condemn the blast in hashtag,my thoughts are with the families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the rtmodi
handle host of modi event i calling him moedee. wrong pronunciation.
potential vs performance
wow this is called politics no one can do anything for this bomb blast but the easiest way to do for this incident is tweet? handle modi
while india got independence in num, these people at the border have enjoyed freedom only now, on august num narendra modi
handle only for you modi jii made an account in tweeter in the hope you can see my messages narendra bhai i am u r die hurt fan
rt handle modi talks of numcrore houses in numyrs. housing scheme approved by modi govt has only numlakh houses till num. hashtag
rt handle indiaunited arab emirates modi woos key gulf trade partner url
modi in uae even with num,num expected, not everyone saying marhaba namo; new poll url
will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents cong to modi url outlook wires
and yet our country men die due to thirst eventhough cherappunji in hashtag receives the highest annual rain hashtag url
handle great challenge for modi url
handle galt tweet h susheel modi ji dont compair bihar to others plz
uae govt decision to allot land in order to build a temple in abu dhabi jai ho modi govt
handle namos becoming numst cmship is by mere chaplusi of bjp high command, who encouraged coffin scam, when sipahis died at kargil
that moment when modi says malayalee and people lose it emoticon that malayalam tho. hashtag hashtag
he is on course to became first pm to tour every country of the world(and click selfies). that will be some record url
dubai stadium cheers namo with slogan modi modi modi
rt handle handle modi ka nahi achi baato ka koi chahra nahi hota its not modi its the work that he been doing that makes him spe
absolutely superb, inspiring speech by pm mr modi in dubai fantastic oratory and excellent points made ,feel so proud of our pm
handle zee subhash ji you have rightly hoped oppositiong enblock will acknowledge modi has made us proud
whats there for hashtag to debate with congress sp
hashtag hashtag will now say modi is making abu dhabi secular by making temple there
tendulkar ruled the sharjah cricket ground in the nums
hashtag hashtag s hashtag dawood in hashtag
good terrorism, bad terrorism this wont work. everyone must decide whether theyre with terrorism or humanism pm modi
for num years, no one spoke about the lack of toilets in indian schools. modi did, and they called url
narendra modis speeches are so inspiring. hashtag
rt handle the indian in dubai opens his umbrella if it rains too much in india pm hashtag
so as per k c tyagi of jdu, modi in dubai mosque, for bihar election campaign.
rt handle num people approve of modis job as a pm poll
modi haters are suffocation. all their escape routes slowly closing in on them
but hashtag is trying to project modi visit ,reac
someone told me modi ji is in uae to bring back dawood.
rt handle all d countries namo visited us,japan,china, greeted modiji breaking protocol,so as five princes of uae hashtag htt
after sachin tendulkar we have another person narendra modi who can fill the dubai stadium jam packed. all url
handle lets end this awful day with this image of the brahma temple. prayers for thailand! url om brahmaye namo
rt handle after shaikh zayed masjid visit in uae, will pm modi wear skull cap in india?
rt handle waterboarding at guantnamo bay sounds super fun if you dont know what either of those things are.
after giving a heart touching speech for num & a half hour finally hes done ,
rt handle his highness was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi url url
rt handle num people irrespective of any religious prejudice, are waiting to see modi in cricket stadiummarhabba modi
cong leaders concentrated more in india because they looted india,modi thru his foreign visits,busy in bringing money for india hashtag
handle its juz amazing to c namo speaking. n look at the crowd, thr is no hindu or muslim, indians r thr with strng support fr namo.
handle ready namo? emoticon
anand sharmacongress must clarify why no pm has visited uae? is it they were so busy? modi visit brings fdi for growth. rahul sabbatical?
modi to address numk indians at dubai stadium. the trend continues!
modi ji openes a factory of helium
dubai cricket stadium hosting modi. emoticon
munwwarrana handle handle handle great but after that also thy thinks muslim are terrorists !way ? modi jee?
rt handle started emigrate portal to address problems of indian pm hashtag url url
was no country investing in india before modi became pm?
rt handle namo is setting a great trend where he addresss indian diaspora, first it was japan then us, australia now uae.
the world doesnt care about indians killed by paksponsored terror. india needs to fight terror on its own. url
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora today hashtag url
rt handle modi ji just hit a century in one over in dubai stadiumlol opposition back in dressing room handle
rt handle dear hashtag. shift the venue of hashtag meeting elsewhere, lest handle chooses to come to hashtag & people s
numemirates url modi offers $numtrn investment opportunities url hashtag
hashtag is in hashtag & supporters are chanting his name. does numinch chest guy have guts to ask why no temples allowed in hashtag? hashtag
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are num other things he was the first to do url as modi becomes the fi
handle sir i expect your tweet regarding the modi speech. hope u understand hindi a bit since he is not fluent in urduhandle
rt handle since an indian premier has come after so long, indians here have the right to express rtnarendra modi
handle we all with u namo
only hope of india watching narendra modi
handle handle handle handle my dear morons congis r u ready ? another mega show of real leader modison hashtag
rt handle joint statement of crown prince of uae mohamed bin zayed ai nahyan and pm narendra modi url http
yes with handcuffs! along with his(kind) friends in india too! url
rt handle handle you mean modi represent num.num crore indians?
to me handle is the biggest superstar of bollywood, draws more fans then any khan.who says handle is best actor shd watch namo.
modi sir, truly sharing & educating fellow indians, bringing india close to heart.
rt handle pm modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae
those who use bombs and guns will never benefit you or others or humanity narendra modi
rt handle there was nehru who used to address indians in english language and then there is modi who speaks hindi abroad
burnool moment for who?
after watching narendra modis live speech, i came to a conclusion theres a striking resemblance between namo and modi.
rt handle day num red carpet welcome for modi in uae
no, it just takes good security at the venue. the sheikhs know where the money is. url
url timesnow modi makes history in uae gulf making indians proud and respect of indians in international community at
.handle wellhavent you seen her proving modi is incorruptible? that should explain everything about this creature handle
hashtag speaking @ hashtag said hashtag was quick to provide water to the hashtag. hope this swiftness is shown in hashtag
rt handle rss modi is not worried for janata but friends businessmen& paid media. url
rt handle handle handle not even indira . this is d difference bw dynastic gandhis & common man as pm ( modi )
hashtag wow hearing the modi chant ! hashtag
pm modi says effort has been to maintain strong friendship with neighbouring countries hashtag
handle that enthusiasm is a result of some good event management by modi. the only thing hes good at! hashtag
rt hoodtwts rt shilparathnam khoon ka rang kafi hai in lieu of passport when it comes to punchlines modi tr url
rt handle hashtag modi says he prays for the recovery of the injured in the blast in bangkok
what a speech in dubsi? i salute you especially showing your bond to nepalhashtag
now it is getting serious. can someone tell me how many nris r there? modi is targeting voters, may allow nri voting handle
modi hits a six with mallu new year wishes hashtag
rt handle modi ji went to uae to ensure even they dont beat us in cricket! handle
num hindu died in hashtag where is modi?
was waiting for this eagerly thanks handle
uae agreed to increase funds for madrsas url
rt handle modi has no virtue, he is a den of vice. india is unfortunate to have him as pm. handle handle
well,no one knew mr modi outside gujarat,isnt it? hashtag hashtag hashtag
stage is set for hashtag
*splattered coffee* he means, contact my media team for precise definition of terror. url
pm modi condemns twin bomb blasts in bangkok outside lord brahma temple url
rt handle handle even modi ji talking about development n other things n going to mosque toh start kr de support krna
rt handle modi can destroy all propaganda of media in one speech. hashtag
it is also true that narendra modi does things in a different manner. may be one of the first time a pm interacts with workers.
speech by our prime minister narendra modi in dubai in front of num peoples num minutes of performance hats of to him modi rocks in dubai!
rt handle this is real big blow to modi url
demand of burnol increased suddenly as modi ji speech progress in hashtag. hashtag hashtag
sheikh zayed mosque & narendra modi selfie today aajtak news url via handle
rt handle who said nobody knows modi outside guj?
microblogger, putting smiles on more than num,num followers throug
handle thank you so modi ji for visiting a labour camp in uae is huge. its first firm footstep towards recognising dignity of labour.
rt handle perfect timing! handle on handle and the muslim world. url
modi warning pakistan on arab soil in a large public gathering if you believe in your ideaunbelievable things happen
pm narendra modi waves at the gathering at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url via aninews
seems, is materializing.
in a country that stifles religious & political expression, quite something to see modi effect in uae. good on uae. url
handle handle handle handle modi jis hard work and policies to unite the friendly neighbours will bring peace to all
just wondering how many hashtag hashtag would have needed for this kind of speech namo gave
what crowd,. handle packed stadium erupts into modi ,modi chants during his speech in dubai url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stadium in dubai url
rt handle master saboteur jai italys finest hour! achilles would hang his head in shame. the ultimate trojan. what time is clown modis
handle yeah bt isnt he modi agent
make no mistake, ground is being prepared. i dont know for what, but if i was isi i would be getting ready. url
one more scheme with a name in hindi comes up from modi govt hashtag url
rt handle now that modi has concurred thubai he can easily win kerala url
rt ndtv packed stadium erupts into modi ,modi chants during his speech in dubai url url
hashtag is rocking the hashtag event. hes confident & loud, definitely something hes good at. but pls sir, not ground, its crown prince rtp
handle handle namo connects with leaders worldwide bringing in opportunities for everyone of us
modi sarkar legalized child labour.
but no shame to accept that he is doing good for his country.
hashtag he always sided by the twonation theory, thanks to modi for proving it to be the right choice
rt handle handle it is dishonest on reuter part to make that statement. modis visit is just a matter of fact
because modi sleeps and gets fat. no responsiblity.hashtag url
rt handle yes. india does not have mosques. so pm had to visit uae to show a white flag to the minorities here. num url
and we took num years to recognie who are our real friends. luckily we have a leader like modi.
somebody please explain this to me url
this is amazing to see modi in uae great handle sir
when have you seen our prime minister sharing details of his bilateral talks with us. i can remember vajpayee and now modi
dubai stadium half packed hours before modis speech photonum india today url
hashtag hashtag getting ready to tear into the hashtag after hashtag spectacular hashtag hashtag
i hope modi government will implement this soon. one rank one pension
rt handle handle handle handle why does media play numnd fiddle to modi bjp &try fooling viewers back home? url
houseful madison moment in dubaimodi always rocks
rt handle how much will they tk it back & in how much time? any idea? any num knows ? or many waiting num their share? hashtag https
pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent hashtag seat both nations also agreed to help each other url
the reason why indians chosen him as our pm hashtag hashtag url
but what will be said by those who know the facts about
it starts of as it is unfortunate
handle once again hard slap who thinks modi is antimuslim and muslim dont like him. indian muslim are hashtag handle
rt handle handle handle har taraf tera jalwa.modi made us so dignified in world.i never saw myself so strong.like american
rt handle we want all minister should work like hashtag & mehenati url
handle handle we can proud on modi jee in congress pm means nothing puppet of sg rg now its looking some one pm to whomuprd
namoin new form hashtag
rt handle today there is a immediate possibility of num trillion dollars of investment in india,yes num trillion dollars pm modi ji
assam cm tarun gogoi seeks clarification from pm narendra modi on naga accord the economic times url
rt handle you dont have to love modi, but that doesnt mean that you should ridicule even the good that hes doing for the country.
rt handle its amusing how the modi govt has done almost nothing on the hashtag and on hashtag by vadra and hooda.
handle handle handle handle handle
via narendra modi app httpnmandroidapp
handle handle pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
handle indian captain modi playing in dubai ground he come to near century what happens he make in india or not
rt handle dawood ibrahim, barkha ji and sardesai family would be some of the saddest people tonight listening to the modi, modi chants
rt handle we give up *white flags*
num minute carpet bombing on cheaters & life time memorials for fans from namo \ \
rt handle video a $num mndollar pay check is an easy one for me to give players handle url url
rt ndtv prime minister modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism url url
rt handle case referred to dr.handle for further investigation. url
pm modi in uae india,uae to work together to control, regulate & share info on flow of funds hashtag
hashtag if cambridge returned secular congress pm manmohan singh was not invited by shiekhs why blame modi ?
hashtag namo says we are proud of you
six questions for narendra modi. does hashtag believe in hashtag despite hashtag opposing it?
rt handle this is modi exposed a numth time and fools voted him and support him url
shaikh gave permission to modi to give this long speech in uae is in itself a big deal. this shows how powerful persona he is.
rt handle govt of india has created an online platform madad and emigrant portal to assist indians around the world pm modi http
everyone will have to decide whether they are with terrorism or against it pm narendra modi
rt handle by hosting modi, uae has become kafir state. pakistan must start process to kick uae out from gulf & declare them non
handle handle handle handle hindu leaders may see many muslims attended modi reception whom we say here rtgo to pakistan
handle sir my num.num old year son recognises your picture in book modi,media and muslims says modi ki jai.
dont listen to namo, giving pm jeevan jyoti yojna to your sister on rakhshabndhan is actually a stunt.
after modis speech arabs be like
hashtag and they said no one knows modi outside gujrat
i pray for the speedy recovery of the injured hashtag modi
rt handle we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi url url
what modi ji has done with pakistan without naming a single time
namo, while youre at it, please bring d andor his associates back. hashtag
cnbctvnumlive s lalit modi assisting sahara group? lalit modi to sell the groups hotels url url
now for a minute, imagine manmohan singh on the dias instead. his entire body would have moved less than modis eyebrows hashtag
thr r two types of ppl on my fb tl those who love modi and those who downright hate him
there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi hashtag
num to num thousands indians arent only indians, modi ji.
modi rocked,aaptards shockedhashtag url
wtf are you doing handle modi modi is giving goosebumps man hashtag
to be specific prime minister of world
rt handle modi mania in the uae live handle what is it about him that driver the crowd crazy? handle
but pm nawaz cannot address num in pakistan url
rt handle my take away from todays speech. url
handle thinks public will listen to her crap and stop referring modi as rockstar.
modi making many relevant points, but if i stay in dubai i want him to address issues concerning us. like he did in madison square.
pm modi talks tough on terrorism says samajhne wale samajh jayenge in an indirect reference to pakistan, prim url
there is an immediate possibility of num trillion dollars of investment in india, pm modi says url via handle
hashtag ji started from where hashtag left in sharjaha against australia
who is narendra modi?
will modi ask real jaitalynumstand ? ed is filled with puccachor implants & jaitley entertains them handle
sydney to seattlemodi has come to change how we r treated g
handle you know what, this is really fun, keep this going until modi finishes speech
this is too much hashtag is giving back to back burnol nights to hashtag, yest it was temple n today this speech hashtag
handle nahi dummy. was watching the modi live stream rtp
modi sarkar can be summed up as broken promises, boastful claims. shattered dreams, a nation betrayed hashtag
handle when pm modi ji is going to come out of marketing mode and enter into the mode of giving governance .this is not congress legacy .
handle handle handle this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm modi in dubai
rt handle is this why sheikhs regularly visit pakistan? url
hashtag i think this is the biggest crowd in any of shri modijis foreign visit. mini india here in dubai. marhaba modi.
his critics are right; modi has no influence outside of gujarat emoticon just heartfelt euphoria across the world on prince modi hashtag
hashtag namo is pride of nation.what a crowd! thought for a min that sachin is batting. handle
he hasnt realised that most shoulders he is rubbing belong to loyal bjpians cant see beyond that
this certainly seems fake url
rt handle handle handle lets have the truth. a statement from your office would be welcome url
would you like to confirm or deny this or say something about aja mean business attutude? handle url
rt handle bhakts not replying antimodi tweets!
handle that is how modi rolls! cant wait to read your astute analysis column on this!
rt handle modi visits worlds first carbonfree masdar city url
rt handle handle handle for first time russia voted against india and modi ji was pleasing obama and stood up with zio
this speech of namo is as beautiful as tendulkars famous innings against australia in sharjah num! hashtag handle handle
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle modi ji has the best body language to enthrall his audience.
most useless news and propaganda. unsc cn b dn only aftr us, china n russia, rest all no matter hashtag url
rt handle kejri & his kumar vishwas sat on saudi stage loling on modis wife joke, modi has shown guts by talking terror in same pla
pm modi live from dubai cricket association full house in stadium hashtag
i hope all that he has said if accomplished
handle namo namo is every wereits realy sounds good for all indians
url you mean sardesairajdeep, like what happened in madison square gardens? lol hashtag url
hashtag offense to anyone
modi has always respected the tradition of foreign countries. now waiting for him to drive a lamborghini with a tiger accompanying him.
handle sir indian honourable pm sh narendra modi also visiting round the world to bring change below standard life . pls appreciate
handle handle handle handle krjri went catora for himself to spend on himself modi
hashtag in border areas hashtag flays hashtag for his hashtag policy
took much footage than modi hashtag hashtag url
so india changed in one year with narendra modis speechesmodi modi!
hashtag mentioned by namo as example of conflict resolution hashtag hashtag
rt handle me in num lion modi will not keep quiet hear him roar rwaaaarrrrr
have you seen what modis uae visit means an insider view on rediff yet?you should and now url
did modi ji call crown prince rashid or maktoum hashtag hashtag
we opened bank accounts for poor pm namo hashtag hashtag handle url
when did we hear this?
live i hashtag reception in hashtag cricket stadium i read i url url
handle the one thing to know about me, if at all, is that im apolitical not a modibhakt moditroll but language! seriously
saima mirza lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite url
rt handle this is a cricket stadium. holy shit. modi modi chants everywhere
brilliant views by mr merchant url
handle handle going by the pulse of nation, its clear no leader in the last num yrs is so fondly & widely accepted as pm modi.
he is referring both url
rt handle pm modi response in dubai is a reflection of indias changing global image
rt handle people cheering hashtag while waiting in lines hashtag hashtag handle url
what an amazing scene with nearly a stadium full of people chanting modi hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle may be your pappu anccestors were farmersbut modi is not
hashtag m rly proud tht i lve in sch cntry whr namo is r pm
hashtag live pm modi addresses indian community in dubai, says hes witnessing miniindia url
handle handle ceebeebee, pogo, cartoon network.
modis presence is somewhat homologous to sir alex ferguson at old trafford. hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi starts a fire by rubbing two ice cubes together hashtag
his love for sheikhs is special one that nobody knew.what manly love wooo . modi is lovly hashtag hashtag url
rt handle indian pm handle historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which translates into welcome namo h
rt handle handle handle handle handle if arabs can hold thali why cant modi hold topi?
rt handle if modi ji really wanted to praise kerala, he shouldve told that mohan lal was better in drishyam than ajay devgn hashtag
rt handle pm modi in uae india, uae announce strategic partnership in the energy sector hashtag
rt handle modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in emirates num url hashtag
live watch narendra modis speech in dubai url via handle
indians divided by media united by modi. handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
hashtag modi arrives at the dubai international cricket stadium
rt handle handle thank pm modi ji for visiting a labour camp in uae is huge. its first firm footstep towards recognising dignit
this our modi come back to india all foreigners
rt handle i honestly fail to understand why prime minister modi did not apologise condemn police action on veterans in the defen
pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium to address the indian diaspora.
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae government for deciding to allot a pl
rt handle if you have problems related to embassy, government has launched a platform called madad pm modi in dubai url
uae vs seculars. what a moment. indian muslims at uae are pro modi but sickulars in india are busy to screw the url
modi is so loud over there in dubai about terrorism but the ground reality is that url
modi asks which country is making the fastest progress in the world. crowd responds india. handle
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.hashtag hashtag hashtag url
hashtag proud of efficacious pm handle taking india to the world url url
handle modi tears kurta and flings at crowd. several die of asphyxiation! rtp
rt handle handle handle oh! yes , my mistake. bhavnao me bah jate hain mere jaise modi supporters emoticon
rt handle rohit sharmas last num innings num,num,num,num,num,num,num,num,num,num,num
modi govt has failed to revive the economy, despite sharp fall in oilgold prices & good monsoon . ~ handle url
hashtag dont lie to ur self how many times hv u seen a leader addressing numk ppls at a stadium.stand up num modi url
full text of former service chiefs letter to pm on oropformer armymen have written to prime minister narendra modi on one rank on ndtv
rt handle sonia g may clench her fist as much she wants, indians all over the world believe in modi as the leader who can change indias
rt handle you got it right. i am saying this time and again that i never requested or recommended travel documents for lalit modi.
modi in dubai live indian prime minister begins his address url
rt handle modi must also be wishing for free and truly fair journalists in india. url
namo can even win nxt elections while on a foreign tour and addressing indian community there
rt handle dear handle the images of huge numbers of muslims at modis dubai rally will impact bihar hashtag and im sure
had little hope that hashtag might improve a bit but with his hashtag and nonsense in dubai the die is cast he wont improve hashtag
handle dont know what modi achive today or what not but congratulation num youfor completing milestone of numk followers, badhaai.
theres been num percent growth in fdi in india, says pm modi. hashtag
hashtag the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as an emigrant portal pm modi in dubai
bhakts should note how secular arabs participate in pujas unlike modi who doesnt wear skull cap. hashtag url
rt handle handle he (modi) is the greatest event manager that free india has ever seen tom vadakkan, congress hashtag ku
pm modi live from dubai cricket stadium hashtag hashtag url
handle haha modi is scared from nagaland too.
narendra modi can make impossible things possible, only pm who can turn words into deeds
rt handle in num months modi travelled to num country
if modi was born in numth century, he wud have turned de crowd even against antony who turned it against brutus hashtag
sheikhzaidgrand mosque is the last resting place of uae first president
thanks for the dowry law protest pic. quite unlike indian hashtag.
watching pm modi deliver speech in dubai, proud moment
reception were in all praise
rt ndtv people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival today pm modi
excitement, excitement url
today fastest growing country is india said by modi handle
the mosque in uae where modi stepped inside should be cleaned (gusul) with ms of gallons of water. terrorists aint allowed there hashtag
rt handle modi visits masdar city in abu dhabi, says science is life url url
prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of uss madison sqaure as he addressed a large gathe url
dandiya on the sands of dubai. modi takes gujarat alongwith him to each place he goes.
modi is scared of the un elected jaitley why ?
hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle modi *gives a perfect speech,acts amazingly*
modi won elections)) he is just another stooge of congthis time for a change from built to believe opposition. url
narendra modi highlights indias humanitarian help to maldives when that nation is affected b
modi is getting a high fm intl. welcomes not realising that the respect he gets is thanks to the power n strength of our armed forces. sad
rt handle his highness and all five brothers came to the airport to receive me, its a great honour narendra modi
narender modi getting warm welcome by uae govt nd indian people living their mery pakistani dosto tuwanu mircha kiu lg riya?
marhaba namo pm modi addresses indian expatriates in dubai dubai all roads in dubai are leading to the duba url
pm modi addresses num,num indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united arab emirates was received at
rt handle agree could have been handled better when principally its approved a fix deadline would give confidence url
rt handle bhakts now pleading to have patience with modi. modi himself showed lots of aggression when upa was in troubled times.
thank u namo for giving us so many reasons to smile.
rt handle handle handle only modi ji can pull this offsuch is the frenzy for him. superb
rt handle dubai is all set for namo url url
rt handle actually what was d purpose of this visit signed any diplomatic agreements between india n uae
update at numpm, almost half of the stadium reserved for general admission is already occupied. url url
rt handle handle im in dubai at the moment & the modi mania is at its peak.entire mallu community of uae seems to have taken th
more than num num people mesmerized by indian pm modi. pm showed gratitude of prince of uae for alloting land for temple
govt of india has created an online platform madad and emigrant portal to assist indians around the world pm modi url
handle in fact ,the modi wave is rising day by day not only out of india but in india also.the delhi defeat was one off.
handle handle handle then it was temporary num yrs back as well, they why namo and jaitley jump the gun then?
hashtag its new trend where opposition tries to target hashtag and hashtag does the viceversa siddharth varadarajan to handle
check this handle pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on url hashtag hashtag
very interesting comments on terrorism and taliban by modi in uae. very interesting. you are with us or terrorism modi.
i do not have word gor diggy raja what does he thinksof himself.the most corrupt cm,used to make appointment on chits.now poreaching modi.
why just tweets i say ban all modi supporters handle
rt handle for numy, no pm visited a country that is home to num+mil indians. modi did, and they called it his foreign trip fixation
handle modi does everything wid pol motives. had modi visited mosques in india, his uae mosque visit wouldnt have attracted criticism
there is no air conditioner in the hall. still a good response for modi. hashtag
hashtag thankful to uaes crown prince for allotting land for hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi in dubai
unbelievable n great response of dubai people for handle
rt handle sorry to say, but mallus of dubai are so ignorant abt modi. handle
rt handle in five years, every village of india will get electricity narendra modi
rt handle crowd management during prime minister narendra modis address in dubai on august num is proving to be a logistical nightmare
rt handle highly grateful to the leaders of abu dhabi and dubai narendra modi
handle handle i thought it was a very good speech, great moment for modi
dubai cricket stadium is echoing with cry for our beloved pm. modi modi modi hashtag
hashtag brings back the memories and the excitement we felt to hear namo in us url
prime minister narendra modi on a twoday visit to the uae is hashtag
pm narendra modi on indiauae joint statement denouncing statesponsored terrorism url via aninews
rt handle the indian in dubai opens his umbrella if it rains too much in india pm modi url url
rt handle marhaba namo num developments on pms big dubai speech tonight
truly outstanding amazing to watch him speak proud to have voted & campaigned for modi.
hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag there are num flight from india every week to dubai and still it took num years for a pm to visit uae. hashtag at his wits best.
rt binarysu url rt tilnow hashtag pm modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae inviting investors from u
handle if modi is the troll king u r his best disciple url
rt handle modi from india greets abu dhabis masdar city, a new generation green startups in the uae. url ht
look what modi write on visitors book while visiting sheikh zaid masjid url
hashtag we do it, we say it and are proud about it! hashtag giving hashtag reasons to be assertively human. hashtag hashtag
pm modi in uae a breakthrough visit? url
num.num lac crore investment is comin frm uae.now modi gov shld easily implement orop for which initialy numk crore is req hashtag hashtag
little crowd for a small regional politician of gujarat with no future at centre level and forget about world level. url
atmosphere was good & the show looked amazing until modi opened his mouth. matlab bc kuch bhi ? url
are we going back to colonialism? thats what num fdi really translates to. kullam khulla becho desh ko url
handle handle handle handle handle handle agree or disagree with modi, he is chasing a dream.
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister narendra modi on a twoday visit to the uae is
rt handle he is no normal pm folks. he is narendra modi.
today num aed = num.num inr. where will you get tea for aed num.num? oh! wait *runs to remit money* url
rt handle handle handle rtare you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai url hashtag url
uae to invest num.num lakh crores in make in indiamodi is just an outstanding personality,more than a pm
rt handle india has $num trillion investment potential pm hashtag woos hashtag business honchos url url
yahi tho scam hai! url
modi in uae rocked it. saw the live speech. hashtag hashtag
hashtag awesome speech this is what every indian needshail namo
its a fraud ab initio played on hardworking indians in dubai hashtag is throwing hashtag at these indian workers hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm modi will set up counseling camps regularly wherever indians live
wating for hashtag speech
namo expecting more pressure from uae on pakistan and dawood
please sone can help me to count i am in modi speech
last time when uae cheered so much for any indian, it was tendulkar playing at sharjah hashtag
bjp states meat ban.mod govt is happily exporting meat instead of ban.india nonum exporter of meat under modi govt.hashtag hashtag
rt handle the message of modis speech in one word stfu.
hashtag india is not vain to be big; it will rise from the east, says modi in dubai url
rt) handle rtmr handle, hashtag land for the swaminarayan temple was. via handle
tomorrow narendra modi will inaugurate another project conceived by corrupt upa num.
modi credits indians for the adulation he received whereas gandhi pariwar believes it to be their birthright. hashtag
modi rocking in dubai with hos address
modis speech motivates people. nation witnesses a dedicated pm modi who has no family; no desire for power, to amass wealth. salute modi.
watch marhaba namo event live from dubai. url modis speech is after num.num hours says handle who is at venue.
gotta love pm modi and his charisma!
dumdaar live of pm modi ji num.numpm today from uae
group of hired people are boarded the same flight along with modi and same people are chanting modi modi modi hashtag
after num years a head of india in uae. waiting to hear mr modi.
how nervous r d seculars of kerala url
journos must be moaning deep .
handle ppl mocking friends who litter in open.
he gave a clear tough talk against terror
modi ji kya zabardast badhai kar rahe uae ke rulers ki. its nicesubtly conveying what he wants hashtag
hashtag are doing num lakh strong rallies.
handle i too love modi a lot. handle
hashtag proud of hashtag in hashtag hashtag url hashtag url
rt handle hashtag kickstarts process of isolating hashtag in arab world. no good taliban, no bad taliban. hashtag
handle the modi sarkar is as spineless as a maggi noodle. it has been neutralised in num minutes flat. hashtag url
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium prime minister narendra modi is going to addr url
rt handle marhaba namo is being hailed as unprecedented in history of the uae, first time a head of state has been allowed receptio
good taliban, bad taliban. good terrorism, bad terrorism. this wont work.evryone will have to decide if they with terror or humanityrtmodi
rt handle connectivity plays a huge role in development, europe is a fine example narendra modi
rt handle full text of exservice chiefs letter to pm hashtag on hashtag url handle handle handle
rt handle the temple will be built in abu dhabi in num so why there is news that modi ji has arranged it with uae govt? url
narendra modi app url
is this agreement bw sonia & modi not num disrupt parliament next time? url
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium, shortly. hashtag url
rt handle ppl in our country arent used to see a working pmhence when hashtag worksthey find it different! they motivate raga & farziw
me haan haan piss off!
rt handle latest one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu the indian expre url
watching hashtag jis speech on hashtag handle
rt handle fdi worth num billion brought by modi.
how modi govt plans to enable the differently abled
namo meet indian people in dubai url
rtbut wo jo modi ne numrd minute me numth word bola,wo sahi nai tha. outrage hashtag
pm narendra modi ji is addressing to indian community people of uae in dubai cricket ground hashtag
live watch pm modi in uae asking world to come and make in india pm modi prime minister narendra modi w url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai at num.num pm num developments prime minister narendra modi will today address a massive ind
pm reaches the venue hashtag marhaba namo
pm modi speech is like a triple century on debut at dubai cricket stadium by any indian @ pmo india dubai
rt handle greater chancenumindianumabolish microtax(personal) sucking bloods from deadbodies,replacing it with prospectivetax! https
rt handle pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium, shortly. hashtag url
nbanews modi uae selfie, prime minister narendra modi continued his selfie diplomacy as he visited the sheikh zayed grand mosque, the
handle handle show live modi from uae
modi dubai muslims give us business.
modi meets abu dhabi crown prince prime minister narendra modi on monday held a meeting with crown prince of url
mediaone tv will be discussing the visit of prime minister narendra modi to uae. me too will be there. watch, welcome.
pm modi says this false distinction between good & bad terrorism will not work hashtag
hashtag, hashtag & hashtag are scared one day namo will make the saudi king go garba hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle media taunts modi was chaiwala but never focused on sonia being bardancer who ditched bf num marry rajiv num moneyfame http
rt christymathai modi us $num trillion is a big amount but added that such investments can come to india ! hashtag first lets close num l
handle. one of the great prime ministers of the world ; proud to be an indian and happy because that great prime minister is modi ji.
modi address dubai video, must watch every indian.
rt handle hashtag we have amazing pm like narendra modi ji
while channels are discussing strategic importance of pm modis visit to uae, nidhi razdan is venting her anger in ndtv out of frustration.
rt handle challenge to pm modi if you are what you say you are on leadership bring in programs that such indians would want to set
slow, steady, and sensible modis new approach to reviving indias banks url via handle
and my sister is eagerly waiting at the dubai cricket stadium to hear from indias superstar pm modi
you go through handle its hashtag modi positing everywhere emoticon
by hosting modi, uae has become kafir state. pakistan must start process to kick uae out from gulf & declare them non islamic. hashtag
he dont mean any way to india ! discarded congress pocket handkerchief to clean & through to dustbinshame a sen. url
rt handle can i trust a guy who got tickets for an event where modi will address nri but this guy didnt check in anything in fb
modi turns out to be a funny commentator.
modi jirocking in dubaigreat sirafter numyrsindian pm in dubai
modi will say this, i tweeted url handle
modi mentions nuclear tests, negates conciliatory message to global muslims. hashtag
rt handle before elections modi promised us like going num give whole of the world to us
but surprised thanks modi ji url
modi brings up the good taliban bad taliban argument. says this doesnt work. take a stance, with or against terrorists. hashtag
pm narendra modi leaves for new delhi.
one word to describe the teacher sa chem namo kay! bayot
never seen modi talk so strongly about terrorism. very impressed by that. for me, it is one of his strongest, nonpr speeches in a while
handle please tell this ignorant man on the ground url
the prime minister of india handle
both from the ramparts of the historic red fort!
people just cant take easy about modi
rt handle twitter num meh facebook is for fakers who need pictures to write jokes.
rt handle it seems r madhav is the event organiser for namo hashtag
leadership means narendra modi. prime minister = powerful modi.
pm modi u have helped maldives by sending drinking water through steamer and plane.
modi thinks babri demolition was a cosmic conspiracy against hindus. this must be against the rss rtp url
handle after clean india,digital india, make in india,pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion url
yaar ye standing ovation to modi ji ne obama ko tak nhi dilvayie thi lagta hai kuch bada chaah rahe hai crown prince se
hashtag hashtag the economist sees split india under modi rebuttal @ womens site url pic.twitter.comaanumjeyra
rt handle pm modi wish all the keralites a happy new year
responding to hashtag jis call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm narendra modi url
rt handle handle modi haters really hate self but dont hav guts to accept their flawed mind.lost in pure perversion handle
love u modi hashtag url
see how indian ex army officers cursing nerender modi
fearless speech. big steps instead of baby steps. salute mr modi for his candor and clarity. hashtag
handle handle congress is angry just because they cant digest the popularity and the achievements of modi as non pm had popularity
rt handle handle why the surprise? modi and indian opportunism at work! they want the arabs cash!
rt handle you havent proved any case so far. only talk like modi. all the best. would appreciate if you can get sg convicted. https
where are you sir ? modi ko cover krne ni gaye aap ? we been searching you all the tym handle
handle power supply cut in most part of bihar during pm modi address to the indian population in gulf.
tsunami at maharban namo lots of ppl r waiting outside in queue n waiting to get the seats. hashtag url
rt handle handle dont worry riots wont happen and if they do let modi handle it, he reduced riots which went on num months to
hashtag the largest non sport even at a cricket stadium. numk ppls.hv to believe bcos it was d rocksatr modi url
prime minister narendra modi is addressing a num,numstrong indian diaspora at the cricket stadium of dubai thi url
manager that free india has ever
handle maybe you need to read how its been a long standing demand before modi arrived on the scene url
why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world url
modi in dubai live vips start reaching revenue; pm enroute url
hashtag epic handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle url
hashtag pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url hashtag hashtag
hashtag today in hashtag, i am seeing a minihashtag pm handle begins his speech url url
kuch log modi was referring to hashtag url
seems modi ji has done very light makeup today
pm narendra modi to inaugurate rs num,num crore road projects in bihar tomorrow
modi our effort take india new hight. yes they give to bhakat chadi & cow urine for drink. kana get gold from gober. people start radhe maa
rt handle if you have a powerful voice and want to learn the nuances of intonation in public speaking, you absolutely must study mod
modi in uaethis will help boost perception of indians in dubaiother nationalities looking down on indians will know our position
rt handle handle y dont u take some lamba in ur mouth to correct ur pronunciation against mr. modi handle url
the only aim of congress is not to let modi work. if he could work congress would be o more in the country.
sanjay jha admitted emergency ward in the hospital modi ji speechs make him heart beet so high url
lets hope pm namo visit turn out to be as portrayedkeeping fingers crossed url url
handle handle , let them feel what they feel , modi rocks dubai, india & in world
rt handle monsoon deficit to widen,impact kharif rtimd. d first real trialnum hashtag govt. it has been lucky with low oil prices,
modi forgot to even mention about daud people waited for the entire time to hear his first step which he failed in hashtag
first num minutes of pm narendra modis speech in dubai has enhanced his popularity by num votes.
modi batting like master blaster at dubai cricket ground
now to set mind that in future there will be a need bigger than modi ji, not smaller than modi . if educated a little just calculate ,,,,,,
.handle num years,it might as well hv been a pm visit. modi did not meet sheikh khalifa,abu dhabis ruler,whereas advani met sheikh zayed.
so much material available tonight. thank you modi ji emoticon night sorted
handle handle stroke of geniusmodis reach to keralites via uae!
modi want every bro num secure his sis by paying num pm gnum suraksha yojna on rakhi whil d othr demand chanda hashtag url
what none dare of achieving in their wildest dream,a temple in abu dhabi, namo made it possible in one visit hashtag hashtag.
hashtag pm modi at numth independence day celebrations at red fort, delhi url
rt handle .handle gifts pm hashtag the hindi version of his book hindi version in namaste pose cover?
rt handle modi is back in candidate mode. candidate modi is awesome. only wish pm modi were as proactive as candidate modi.
rt handle hashtag superb url
handle handle sir he is the only blind english journalist bhukt of modi. he never criticized his single step r word even jail theory
hate modi all you want but if you want pappu as your pm then i seriously doubt your sanity! or you have other options?
people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. track live updates here url url
handle hahaha, i think they doing it just to jealous us, it shouldnt matter i think. if they were wise enough,never had invited modi.
not only in india but modi wave works in whole world. pic from dubai hashtag url
the master of international relationship. he made it possible wherever namo wentmake in india, made in india hashtag hashtag
rt handle orop debate has proven that modi bhakts are from the same asshole breed as the ones from cong n other pol parties
rt handle modi mentioned kabuliwala, bengalis suddenly changed rating for speech from num star to num star.
ppl! modi is back with a bang! hashtag
hashtag hashtag rt shubhajitroy modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi h
hashtag is destroying all mosques in india, & then visits muslim countries hashtag to beg for funds investment to run india.
now the only time hashtag hashtag can trend is when lalit modi will be back in india.
rt handle mr. kulkarni u please go and do daily namaz for ur sickularism. namo dont need ur cheap suggestions.
i have sent a book to you named vishav shitiz par ubgarta sitara narendra damodar das modi.
handle hahahahahah brillant tight slap to all the people who are anti india & modi baiters ! url
have instructed indian embassy in abu dhabi to resolve issues with emigrant system narendra modi
handle mam. criticism of politicians is must. i support u.
handle you should be ashamed of yourselves that this has still not been resolved! url
narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sirhashtag
rt handle for handle speech in dubai num,num register for speech at stadium that can seat num,num url
rt handle hashtag ji ye kya krwa diya aapne emoticon you r nt seasonal trend yu r brand of numcr ppl
uaes crown prince has agreed to give land for a temple, in times of terror and hate hashtag
hashtag hashtag modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim url hashtag hashtag
a friend in dubai says despite of num degrees and so much humidity,crowd is pouring in like anything and eager to listen to namo hashtag
rt handle modi visited shiekh zayed mosque;
and roared the lion of india
rt handle after hashtag hashtag govt to launch hashtag to help differently abled people, sounds interesting
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit elevat url via handle
rt handle i can say proudly that when vajpayee called indians abroad for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the rtmodi httpemoticon
waiting for the moment when the crowd chants modi modi hashtag .
handle hashtag the socalled secular cong take lesson how modi give indias proud to the int community & also proud to be indian.
hashtag which is more trending rather than namo is only hashtag.
namo is really great leader of india
congress hits out at hashtag modi for criticizing upa in uae url
handle had managed majority at home & now drawing the majority abroad.
arab country m bhi house full hain boss
srk visits all over the world = hny struggled to gross even half of pk.
handle gift a suit to saheb which says namo num times. entry pakki!
i pity the few gullible nris who have no idea about what is happening in india. go ahead cheer modi.
rt handle sham us democracy refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo handle url url
handle handle handle handle handle namo proud of so many flights to uae. better look at the price of ticket for num hours
rt handle getting num,num people for a meeting in india without a quarter and packet of biryani is a daunting task. modi achieves it
rt handle picnum selfie of modi ji with shekh of uae
handle there are many people in my family who are modi fans. but they dont give a rats ass about the local bjp wing or leaders.
you are the people who work hard but also never stayed behind in taking indias glory forward modi url
rt handle this lovely grandmother was chanting modi modi holding welcome placard. so sweet of her. emoticon hashtag url
rt handle jubilant crowds throng hashtag stadium for pm handle address url url hashtag
[wp] how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it since indias pr url
lol the best burnol moment for all modi haters hashtag handle handle handle url
just talked to mehman malik. he was overjoyed that modi ji would find such a crowd in bablucheesthan
modi in uae pm offers $num trillion investment opportunity to erase deficit of the indian express the i url
hashtag good job done by mp modi sahab
udhar jaake bhi campaigning nahi chodega url
modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential kuwait nris pulse of india url
rt handle us launches secret bid to stop release of hungerstriking hashtag detainee hashtag url via handle
note rtthought not concern with congres intellectuals!
priyamenon west bengal had the same problem. thats why didi. i am no pro or anti modi. sad we dont have anyone url
the message of modis speech in one word stfu.
haan par free wifi me problem h url
they are not kiraye ke tatto url
hashtag dubai chants hashtag hashtag and kejri baba it his fake award. now aapturds howbeit feeling url
hashtag hashtag sanjuverma shilpitewari sabanaqvi modibaiters have been forced to eat humble crow;as hashtag grows from strength to st
rt handle inspired? my foot! that man is fooling us big time with all the glitz & the glamour & on concerns that plague us, his m
indian politics is the new bollywood. url
dubai cricket stadium is reverberating with chants of modi hashtag
handle handle handle awsmmmm modi ji is god for india handle handle handle
excitement is palpable at the dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address the indian diaspora shortly hashtag url
hashtag no names, but pm modis dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didnt mention pak url
sheikh after modi speech hashtag
pakistan num friends are being weaned away by namo.
[pic via the hindu] url
now modi ji wishes to bring fdi from uae
thanku handle num sharing this video! hashtag handle handle cc handle handle url
and with good reason! people underestimate positioning! url
handle handle namo rocks uae and seculsrs shocked after hearing this namo namo
handle handle y r dey wat modi said ws nt wrong in fact it is true so wats d fuss about by d cong may b dey dont gt enough atention
i was really shock when a notification ping me and said namo followed you after came to know that its a handle emoticon
rt handle if modi calls himself a nationalistwhy he didnt meet indian sheikhs first
pm modi talks about naga peace accord. talks successful. after num years, it has happened. baatchit se hi raasta nikalta hai handle
absolutely uncalled for. he behaves as if hes taking revenge . behave like a pm of a country url
hashtag struck hashtag hard by driving dem out of lutyens. ppl like handle demolished whatever little credibility they were (num)
rt handle strange reaction from congress spokespersons on tv channels to jt. indouae statement. time to say well done to modi.
handle handle was a ultimate speech modi ji
handle why should modi have all d funemoticon
pm modi says uae has supported indias bid for a permanent seat in un security council hashtag
ok i am ready to buy everything emoticon
rt handle those trending hashtag must be having julab with the response modi getting in uae hashtag
in num handle brought storm in desert in sharjah. today n modi is also dealing in only fours & sixes in dubai cricket stadium.
pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see miniindia in dubai when will usa prez wil come to india and say he sees miniusa ihere?
rt handle hashtag yeah, thereafter those who cried foul saying pm of gujrat and what not are now nowhere to b seen httpsemoticon
rt handle madad govt portal for help handle url
handle we knew raj deep never liked pm modi but why india today?
rt handle so handle ive givn u population stats of num muslim countries tht pm modi visited. care to explain y u r peddling li
rt handle pm narendra modi writes his signature on a touch screen in masdar city hashtag url
rt handle modi when maldives faced drinking water crisis, we helped them. humne maldives ko pyaasa rehne nahin diya. handle
handle handle handle handle handle modis personality very well explained url plz rt hashtag
handle modi jee your speech in dubai was really superb feeling proud to have a pm like u thanks u so much
and mashallah to those modi doubledecker buses, too.
paneer kaliya? aka burnt paneer. sanjay we know what you did there! handle
rt handle modi ready to take numlac crore from hashtag isnt that halaal beef eating circumsized muslim money? bhakts happy to use that
modi is truely a world leader, whole world accepts it, except few hashtag
rt handle rahul gandhi talking to media modi is also using cheat sheet for his speech. reading something in malayalam
modi ji getting aggressive today
at a time when terrorism is rampant, uaes crown prince allocates space for construction of a temple modi url
isnt modi wishescongress yells on him,? url
hashtag is life, says hashtag on hashtag to hashtag hashtag in hashtag url
boost is the secret of my energy. our energy url
handle handle namo has a knack of goin to places where others hv not ventured
handle handle handle thats great modi sir
rt handle we opened bank accounts for poor pm namo hashtag hashtag handle url
hashtag whatever people tell against modi he just zips their mouth with his dedication to the nation and his show of mass following
pm modi to address the indian community in dubai url
this was the biggest lie spread by media & opposition. i wonder why this lie has never been countered by bjp. url
and today modi is ruling the dubai cricket ground! hashtag
pm modi asks audience to give standing ovation to crown prince as thanking gesture for allowing a plot to temple in abu dhabi. hashtag
modi haters apply coldwater num burnt area hashtag
yet its not modi govt. allegations. nw come to sushma case
team india under the leadership of pm shri narendra modi has achieved unprecedented results hashtag
inc aap ncp hv nightmare of modi. guys see u r own home where u hv reached num to num ncp n aap u guys r no where
translation for india
handle modi modi was from mosque but there was no muslims, so dont get so excited
hashtag a true global leader
india has $num trillion investment potential, says modi url hashtag
imagine the whole stadium in dubai chanting bharat maata ki jai when modi starts to deliver the speech. what a sight it would be.
hashtag. before hashtag, indian hashtag were like old hashtag hashtag team. they rarely won hearts once away home. now he is rocking it.
no let him keep speaking. the more he speaks, the more he can be caught out url
this moron still doesnt no modi already resides in islamic republic of lutyens handle handle handle url
because they were busy doing their job?
hashtag has promised an investment of num.num lakh crore in india pm hashtag url url
sure ! just like raga is the greatest event damager in the history of independent india handle handle url
rt handle one is a gossip writer and another one is just a photo journalist.lets not expect things above their intellect url
his highness and all five brothers came to the airport to receive me, its a great honour
wonder if anyone placed bets on modis dubai speech it is after all at a cricket stadium emoticon hashtag
i could feel the beginning of the end of the terrorism.
just saw modi hailed as youth icon.
modi acting fearless in uae. if u hv real guts cm address issue of pakistan killing our soldiers in india. stop running away!
i like a discussion modi g speech in duwai on url hashtag url via handle
pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan prime minister url
handle handle modi couldnt visit a mosque in india but did so in uaeindians will look lick anyones shit for money
hashtag modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate url
rt handle the beginning of the end handle handle handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle programs launched under modi government since may num url
aur humaare pm modi ki salary?
dubai cricket stadium is reverberating with chants of modi
today it is a hot summer week day when indian pm modi is in dubai and the same time an url
khaleej times team all set for narendra modis address at dubai cricket stadium today hashtag url
may be modi thinks prime ministership is akin to a bollywood movie. act as much as you can. throw in some item numbers as well.
rt handle rt radhekrishnanum modi ji has guts standing in islamic country and cursing taliban and terrorism. loved it
handle till congress there in modi ministry nothing can happen to tdk . hashtag ( maa beta damad) also safe handle
rt handle pm modi received by crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan at abu dhabi presidential airport. url
yes i am a modi supporter
handle indian hashtag & hashtag hav been hit badly by modis hashtag visit.they cant digest as to how muslims abroad can like him
handle handle handle scathing indictment of gulf, that it takes all of namos prowess to obtain mandirsanction in uae.
rt handle handle handle rtgujarati favours kem chho like modi to adani. today i saw ravi shanker pd. to give some light on gs
otherwise modi is known for architect & butcher of gujarat massacre.
modi is the modern lawrence of arabia
pakis must be watching the namo speech anxiously hashtag
rt handle real issuesbut moron bhakts will get orgasm over jumlas hashtag url
modi wave beats the dubai heat weav today !
rt handle hashtag open to meeting indias oil needs, says uae on pm modis trip url
i have never experienced a pm churn out jargon as consistently and as effectively as narendra modi hashtag .
hashtag i want to thank uae for backing indias demand for a permanent seat in un security council pm modi
even uae is crazy for modi
handle u moron, was modi a mp then?
pm wid highness sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan,
pm modi at dubai cricket stadium indian national anthem played at uae url
rt handle handle namo craze temp num degree.yet num minutes to open gate of stadium. url
modi caught in nuclear war at barc the new indian express url via handle
tht roar frm crowd means immense trus
rt handle al narendra bin damodar das modi really rocking in gulf. mabrook hashtag
dealing with dirt,garbage and
ask actor who played bahubali for help modi takes him seriously unlike you guys url
modi is live on news channels from dubai.
hashtag pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims url
namo in dubai live from dubai cricket stadium, sports city dubai.
pm modi gave a clear signal to pakistan about terrorism in dubai pm modi gave a clear signal to pakistan url
picnum modis six in num
yes modi and people in dubai dont want to name but stupid media people like u will just to make masala news url
who the hell are they to tell modiji what to do? url
handle why just tweets i say ban all modi supporterhandle yeah , and why only modi ? ban everything which i dont like.
low cost mobile device maker datawind will add num more manufacturing units in india for contributions in modis hashtag hashtag
rt handle shri handle & shri handle inaugurated bjym workshop panch kranti (num aug num) url url
always a proud moment to listen to modi ji specially presenting bharat overseas hashtag
handle sir, u r a rockstar to us
rt handle me in num chetan bhagat! what a cool guy! supports modi, writes in simple english! i chetan
crowd attendance for hashtag in dubai num,num.
feeling proud to be an hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle thoughts on dr. kalam, written by me in gujarati. url
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti haicongress gets confused if he is talking about url
this is a cricket stadium. holy shit. modi modi chants everywhere
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag (ani) url
this will pass off as a joke. if shoe was on other foot, it will be rumour mongering by trolls url
picnum sachins famous six in num
rt handle cant comment on what will happen. have to admire his work ethic and commitment and his desire to make a difference. https
im very very proud on ours pm narendra modi handle handle
lol now this is too much, modi rakhis url
rt handle handle absolutely we can expect modi embracing islam but not sharifs or zardari etc saying no to us, uk, saudia. handle
extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm modis image exongc chief rs sharma url url
hey prashanth prashabp wanna get iphnumne num for free? kindly check my binum. thanks url
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti haicongress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or congress hashtag
aaptards busy calculating how many people can get numl from this
watch news nation live for dubai mein modi ka dam
we are proude of our respected pm narendra modi
handle it shows our bharat tiger pm modi s super speech to guide the bharat
like him or hate him but you cant run away from the fact that pm modi is a phenomenal orator. hashtag
handle no! i am not a namo follower! besides all his speeches are like an election campaign! if his pmo is like his pro then wud be gud
modis speech is making sheikh mohammad cum with multiple orgasms!
rt handle hindu dehshetgards chanting bomb bomb bole openly to threaten muslims in modis india.
hashtag seculars dont wanna watch modi, but the cant turn off tv.
rt handle for num years, no one spoke about the lack of toilets in indian schools. modi did, and they called it a gimmick.
handle thanks for the live modi show me and my whol family watching together on z news
rt handle dawood is heavily invested in uae
hope india too hashtag
rt handle thank you handle sir perfectly analysed url
i appreciate our p.m hashtag modi ji for his visit to uai
handle handle handle awesome modi, god of india
if modi wasnt elected, stupidity of lot of people would still be hidden.
rt handle modi has lied about everything
modi is playing by jai italias side, who is playing by sonias side num kaput url
hashtag rt debashishhits this is how hashtag thru connecting hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag & url
rt handle modis chhutti kar doonga moment will get rid of terrorism like this hashtag
modi must also be wishing for free and truly fair journalists in india. url
dawood is behind bomb blast in bangkok he want show his prowess to world but he cant do so in any arab country to show modi in abudhabi
rt handle namo who speaks extempore num hours is dared num talk y someone who needs notes for num min speech. irony committed suicide httpemoticon
why they put abhishek bacchhn and sanjay dutts portrait on wall? to impress hashtag ? url
rt handle modi is so overrated.
handle handle as modi ji said the decision will be taken before his term ends so thats why i am asking for some more patients
seculars r nt committing suicide cos who will oppose handle
rt handle i am sure modis uae visit will surly boost the economy, cultural and social ties between india and uae.
modi in dubai live thousands still queuing up to enter the stadium url
rt handle india inc welcomes pm modis thrust on agriculture, startups url hashtag hashtag url
marhaba namo in dubai num things you must know url via handle
pm modi insults nation whenever he goes abroad, sayscongress url
given complicated scenarios emerging out of middle east, time is not far when likes of modi,sharon,netanyahu will url
num flights between india & dubai, but it took an indian pm num years to come here pm modi hashtag
great achievement by modi ji in uae
rt handle we started handle. we are asking the world to come and make in indiathere are many opportunities pm modi hashtag
modi sir please help me please please please request our prime minister shab
handle handle mr modi swach bharat u must abolish the fees agents charge the poor worker when he goes to uae.
what a rousing welcome cheering pm handle is getting, doubt whether any other hashtag has ever got.
hashtag appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi the enforcement directorate (ed) is of the view that no case u
handle the unstoppable lalit modi url handle
rt handle modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb url via handle.orangenewsnum.com
handle modi govt is repealing outdated laws. we should jettison all such laws which have no relevance to our time.
india inc seeks long sustainable ethical growth models only modi want it any which wayhashtag hashtag
handle not as lucky as you but still got to see namo up close and touch his hand, moment of my life!
diaspora is very very important if you want to become an influential nation. modi knows it and acting over it very well
waiting for namo from last num hours in hot weather, junta chanting modi modi hashtag url
narendra modi is second person to be cheared at dubai stadium
hashtag modi should apologise for misleading the veterans.
modi should stop his speech right now on humanitarian grounds. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag handle handle
hashtag hashtag pm modi speaking about indias relationship with hashtag hashtag hashtag url
handle we are very proud to get such a brave pm of bharat modi ji
handle swacch bharat failed by muncipal corps in delhi,. url with the wind.
hashtag pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai hashtag
handle daud is waiting for u owaisi plz save daud and stand to oppose modi gov. in encircling daud you are on earth to save every terrorist
marhaba modi ka magic,
see the sheer numbers of muslims in crowd. and then seclibs says modi still need to prove himself to muslims.
rt handle hashtag namo says we are proud of you
rt handle a snapshot of arabic newspapers coverage of namos visit to the uae handle url
handle congis will have to eat and drink burnol to heal the wounds after the uae visit of namo!
rt handle marhaba namo as dubai readies for indian pms public address
handle online platform madad needed to save indian men from hashtag hashtag hashtag handle handle url
you are mocking modis spelling not fair url
is modi visiting oman? after namo reversed is oman.
burnol and poison both are out of stock in india. how modi can be so cruel?
live those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi url
india is the largest buyer url
rt handle dear handle ; modi visiting the grand mosque in abudhabi doesnt require him to wear skull cap. its always open to people
pm modis tconnection in uae? read more url url
bhai matlabu will always hit a tweet num at the last minutetoo good url
bjpnumtamilnadu rt isupportnamo pm modi greets people of kerala.
rahuls people connect to none.
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin prime minister narendra url hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle following speeches to the indian diaspora in the us, australia & canada, modi gives one in the uae url
marhabba namo in dubai hashtag watching ddnewslive
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments url best search engines url
hashtag num yrs, num flights, no indian pm in uae. modi now imagining what is magnetic power there? earlier pms knew uae has oil.
pakistan doesnt care about such balls, they care about bomb. url
gandhis r tut ruttingwhat is modi speakingye to manmohan ki speech ki copy hai url
rt handle aaptards and congi pay attention modi baba is busy with work not on massage trip
handle namo rocksindia is on a completely different radar cos of namo
any hashtag wld love num go to hear his pm out, if he rchd out. no one tried earlier ! modi did.tht he is popular is anthr thing ! hashtag
modi show in dubai looks like a concert. grnum to see so many people turning up hashtag hashtag
money can help u buy stadiums. but it cant help u buy enthusiasm. those who couldnt see this r blind modi haters. url
handle handle people are gathering always to hear the historic speech of our prime minister narendra modi dubai cricket stadium !
haha thats the happy ending url
nittin url rahul gandhi reacting to the hashtag comment of modi ji hashtag url
rt handle awesome speech of modi g at dubai hashtag peoples ki problem ko smjte we love we love modi d handle
uae govt have no shame for such an act,they know v well gujrat & behavr with pak,even then they allow this butcher url
close friend of modi ji, mr. obama, is d numst who distinguished good terrorism bad terrorism. is this warning of modi for mr. obama as well?
dubai stadium swarmed by people for modis speech watch dubai stadium swarmed by people for url
modi has made sure the temple will be made
pm narendra modi visit hashtag to raise india investments to rs num lakh cr; boost url hashtag
more than num,num nonresident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at hashtag url
it is his personal choice or faith.
handle pm must act on this issue . pakistan has taken modi ji so lightly ?
show affaction to any pm bnum.
as of now handle num (not out)! still going strongdcs hosted num odis and num modi
rt handle hashtag it is a transparent govt. url
handle pm handle historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which means welcome namo url
rt handle modi getting a tremendous reception at a stadium in uae. last time an indian got such a reception at an uae stadium was
rt handle handle handle in morning a challange has been laid out pl show video where modi promised num lakhs but th
handle handle handle handle hashtag if u want will request modi ji too
rt handle handle the sanghi lie bursted shame on pseudo nationalist modi bhakts!
handle abe gandu chup kar.
hashtag mosque spokes person says first time in d history of mosque ppl shouting modi instead of azaan hashtag url
rt handle handle handle modi has lied about everything
pm modi wishes kerala new year to kerala community in malayalam. theyre impressed. mirchi to congress. hashtag
rt handle deficit of num years? why does indian pm modi embark on a selfapplauding rhetoric on every foreign tour? url
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress
my vote for modi is yes url
dubai has been modified hashtag
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti haicongress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or congress
rt handle modi govt. brings a comprehensive black money bill to curb the black money menace. hashtag url
handle ironic that all the brown sahibs who had doubted hashtag on foreign policy are now insisting on his governing from india.
the naga accord is an example of what modi can do in kashmir url via handle
in other words, pm begs $num trillion from hashtag.
rt handle clockwise numm left!
meanwhile these dodos url
rt handle modi in uae indian pm takes a tour of masdar city
modi visited a mosque
ohh namo making world crazy url
rt handle picnum mms used to give speech from bullet proof box
hashtag are no fools,they know hashtag is real hashtag while hashtag is poor noor of eyes of his mummy alone url
rt handle a little modi fan from dubai handle handle url
a prime minister giving a bania wali speech at dubai stadium .hashtag
balloons released after hashtag speech hashtag url
modi hits sixes from dubai stadium and ball
and some say that he has no influence outside gujarat watching modi in uae
rt handle huge traffic in dubai in view of modi meeting url
rt handle pm modi led committee reverses its stand on whistleblower sanjiv chaturvedi following rap on the knuckles by court url
never seen scenes before in dubai. namo
embracing hashtag and hashtag due to laziness will prove ultimate undoing of modi sarkar. classic damned if you do and damned if you dont.
well said manish tiwari ji hope modi sir will visit indian mosques
rt handle so heres d next modi strategy; counter pakistans terrorism by garnering support on international level & believe u m
rt handle handle oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm rightno need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter. hmmm
hashtag modi in uae pm to address indian diaspora in dubai shortly india and the uae today ca url via handle
modi showering commitment & vision to improve life of indians living in dubaicricket stadium is full of claps and cheers
let the force flow across nepal, bangladesh, bhutan. modi is connecting a smaller asia via satellite. hashtag
law of attraction is such grt dat it exists even in d speeches.if nt ppl take it boring. hashtag
great trust between india & emirates pm modi
handle kc is totally anti modi for reasons known to all! no worries handle handle
handle what can be more pleasant site for any one than this oneshows hw much respect modi ji has earned. url
i just heard in ur duba
modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment url outlook wires
the general blaming the ndmc for the fiasco at jantar mantar. height of innocence url
pm narendra modi congratulates saina nehwal on winning world badminton championships silver medal url
mr modi must come clean on bose. nehru requested britain to ask ally russia to murder subhash. its time to stop protecting the killers
handle handle handle modi ji we are eagerly waiting for at dubai cricket stadium
rt handle interesting times url
rt handle after indias num odi matches, time to num modi speech. hashtag
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
rt handle if sushmaji wanted to be kind &charitable to mr lalit modi why do it in secret,why hide,why not tell your ministry,why not
handle proud to have a pm like modi
rt handle dont know as prime minister but as a orator modi is too good!
do military veterans deserve this treatment from modis police ?
handle narendra modi one of the best pm
rt handle when the nuclear test was done in india under vajpayee, india had to face difficulties pm modi in dubai url
rt handle secular headlines tomorrow modi speaks to a predominantly malyalee audience in hindi in a foreign land!
rt handle when rupee was low manmohan singh at least had an explanation for it. num inch chest thumper modi is literally hiding today!
yes, we all are euphoric about national herald case getting dumped url
rt handle congress will be fuming at hashtag for mentioning hashtag name in his speech handle handle h
hashtag will be another spectacle. another hashtag square moment. hashtag will rock as always! hashtag will stop, listen and watch
prime minister modi live at the international cricket stadium hashtag url
hashtag pm modi attacks previous govts in uae, congress hits back url
narendra modi is the great p.m
meet hashtag mosque man who made the sheikhs roll out red carpet for pm url url
handle this is the reason why you got below num seats in lok sabha elections, speak like this, modi will cross num seats in future.
uae promises investment of num.num lakh crore in india.
rt handle i would love to see modi dance on chal beta selfie le le re
watching modi live on tv,getting goosebumps!
agreed. too often the problem with the indian left. stress more on pending responsibilities, if you must. url
hashtag pm modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential prime minister narendra url hashtag hashtag
hashtag modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment url hashtag hashtag
handle handle num) visiting nations. pray what in international relations and diplomacy has modi achieved that others havent?
handle wht is d status ? r i going to listen namo ?
this is what is happening to minorities in india. url they have to kiss modi for survival. hashtag.
rt handle excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora today hashtag http
i want to talk about nagaland. whatever the situation may be, the solution to everything is through dialogue pm modi hashtag
rt handle modi at icc headquarters.
handle handle wow, johnny boy is back on twitter pounding sand,after watching modi rock dubai.
num flights come on weekly basis from india, but took num years for hashtag to come to hashtag watching narendra modi
rt handle i am both happy and sad, since the day modi is in dubai, no bhakt called me a bloody muslim bimbo with a fake hindu name
he tagged himself saying pm narendra modi leaves url
handle the great event in dubai was started by sri narendra damodhar das modi and hh shaikh mohammad now greatness seen by world
our pm handle just arrived handle cricket stadium to address the indian community hashtag marhaba modi url
modiamit being packed to nagpuranandiben not vacating cm chair.
pm modi to address num indians in dubai at num.num pm num developments ndtv url
handle i thought ur existence ws nt depended on coursing modi. welcome to the gang of congress nd aap
now that proves why modi is the best politician in the country at present handle
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a twoday visit to url
but indians arent so cruel to list their charity.
handle finally pm modi solved what it was in jiya jale song in malayalam hashtag
pm modi attacks previous govts in uae, congress hits back url hashtag
handle handle wallah wallah very proud of you sir
rt handle there are num flights bw india, dubai but it took num yrs for an indian pm to come here modi url
incindia these guys were says was modi modi url
num expected to turn up to listen to modi nuae. url
handle handle love u modi ji u r the best
handle narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir hashtag.
handle yes modi is the best pm ever we have. great future of india ahead with modi sir. feeling proud to be modi as pm
num liberals, start creating controversy around this now. url
rt handle pm modi makes a jibe at pakistan indirectly invoking terrorism issue. uae has joined hands with india against pak. hashtag
for those who says hashtag is only popular in hindus.hashtag url
rt handle hashtag modi addresses indian community at the dubai international cricket stadium
we all asian leader needs unity for save our asians county and our asians peoplehashtag hind namo modiji url
rt handle filmmaker nandita singgha doesnt agree with narendra modis hashtag campaign! url url
handle handle hashtag is a karmayogiopposition,adverse circumstances et al,are a goldmine of opportunities for such people))
handle handle handle i think this confirms attachment of dawoods assets. url
rt handle by now modi must have made a world record for eating khichadi in most number of countries.
modi now got a gulffriend as well hashtag
amazing to see the entire stadium sing jana gana mana beautiful handle were proud of you n chants of modi hashtag hashtag
gujrat and punjab doing what they are best at entertaining the crowd hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm modi again takes a jibe at pak, talking about how saarc countries are cooperating but num country wants to oppose everything. hashtag
rt handle what a royal punch by words .this is women empowerment by modi govt .dont put false allegations now hashtag url
handle thats exactly what im sayin. sm journos claimed modi couldnt represent india on a global stage due to his lack of expertise
handle those who dont drink & smoke get treated like ishaan avasthi from tzp. modi must bring awareness about this too. emoticon emoticon
uae now with modi. next step will it be ksa. if that done, pakistan is finito.
by teaching history that says a plastic surgeon replaced the head of ganesha with an elephants head hashtag url
rt handle read many jokes on modi in the morning. after the release of dubai stadium pics, there is a dead silence on the timelines of
rt handle well said, url
waiting for modi to visit switzerland
rt handle i got modi url
rt handle modi visits mosque in uae,move to pacify indian muslims,he could not dare it in india due rss outrage handle http
pm modi being targeted for im embarrassed statement on uaevisit url
rt handle uae is home to num.num m indian workrs hashtag convey tht safety,security and welfare conditions fr indian worker shd
rt handle handle handle the demands will continue tull url
handle i guess this was well in advance url
p yay ! woot woot ! blah blah
prime minister narendra modi will address a massive indian diaspora at a dubai sports city stadium in a while. url
rt handle highly grateful to the leaders of abu dhabi and dubai narendra modi ji
handle article by handle url yes, there are two power centers and one does not want modi to succeed.
mr.handle watch out handle speech in dubai modi modi chants by true seculars dum dekh liya ya jab num par aaoge tabhi manoge
rt handle it has already been an hour and ppl are as cheerful as they were in the beginningmodi maniahashtag
lol emoticon nvr bnum in human history did such an intellectually sublime num way comunictn tk place.socrates wld be envious. url
rt handle so bhakts now blame rain for declining foodgrain output. little they know abt modi govts failure to supply urea on time & co
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in
rt ndtv pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium. track live updates here url
uneducated uncouth modi trying to compare himself with indiraji and nehru god give him some sense hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm hashtag makes a special mention of the malayali community in the uae
stadium where pm modi will address
this all for num.num billion people via namo pm of india! url
whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u. or u r paid to hate.
uae indians earn in dinar ! so it doesnt matter how big churan dear modi gives
rt handle handle handle har taraf modi ka jalwa.i am feeling so strong like an american. url
handle truly say, that after modi speech hashtag run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run
handle modi ji love your speech i m watching youu r ultimate proud to have u as our prime minister hashtag
dubais magnetic power of development attracts people from all over the world to live here even num degrees ~ pm modi at hashtag
handle dubai cricket stadium has so hosted num odis, and now num modi. hashtag
handle are same, who criticized modi ji for crushing cong as never before in num war handle handle handle handle
handle congress ruled india from office by reading reports.modi has grown up by seeing all this.he will surely change this reality.
handle handle modi the gujarat riots master planner also accepted that india was behind bangladesh seperation.
pm modi india, uae strongly denounce terrorism in all forms
rt handle after swachh bharat,modi govt to launch accessible india to help physically challenged people handle in et htt
num) do you approve of how modi is handling the problems of indian farmers?
handle uae has supported indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi hashtag url
or maybe send them to pakistan, a country that loves these anti india adarsh liberals and hates modi. url
hashtag hashtag is the reason why im proud to be indian in num.
there is a war that makes us adore our conquerors and despise ourselves. namo in uae with huge crowd is one such example handle
uae allows indian prime minister to use dubai stadium for speech against pakistan & threatens pakistan url
handle after clean india, digital india, make in india, pm now wants accessible india.this is true inclusion url
rt handle hashtag modi num flights to dubai from india
modi at uae.exploring indian dimension amongst the worldheightening indian prestige
num. bollywood ass licking.
rt handle handle handle dawood is heavily invested in uae
handle and handle thot this guy handle wud chllnge namo emoticon
handle csd kumar raj hoga kese ye sochana parega ? so help kiya mr modi ke sare have idea ki value making? legally world king ya dmow csd
its full and same number of namo fans waiting outsidedubai completely modified url
handle modi in dubai is endearing himself to your country cousins whats your reaction?
rt handle modi visit builds momentum for indiauae ties, economy minister says url
watch modi live in dubai url
watch modi ji live from dubai live at all tv channels
rt handle .handle there is no other country with such breathtaking plurality at the highest level of leadership url
modi at uae. at least he should find gajaa ka dost and kalla thoni.
pm modi leaves for num day uae visit url
modi*gives a perfect speech,acts amazingly*
pm modi to address num indians in dubai at num.num pm num developments ndtv url hashtag
rt jdshastrinum url rt beinghumor *aib comedians*
people yay ! woot woot ! blah blah
hashtag m is not modi, whats the use of having an indian ceo at google. hashtag
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy washington post url
basically look how awesome i am and how much i get to travel modi right now.
world is recognising new india pm modi
mms was smart he used to deal through phones
handle the hindi film song krishn kare to rasslilla aur hum kare to character dhila, goes very well with modi, bjp & bhakts
basta ako im just doing my thing, and just being myself. i aint hurting or stepping on someone so bahala namo unsa inyong mahunanum
pm narendra modis uae visit quick take prime minister narendra modis visit to the united arab emirates has url
rt handle modi should so totally do theatre. wasting his talent in politics man. world class drama at hashtag with hashtag.
modi is brilliant! proud of him! url
hashtag hashtag speech hashtag i m delighted to see the continuous speech of sir modi hashtag hashtag
modi is a majoritarian everywhere. there are indians of other states there, too url
hashtag hashtag hashtag proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minis url hashtag hashtag
umoron handle talking of politic.influence in modis sarkaar.this is a slap on u & all other like minded peoples url
narender modi speech in dubai on numth aug num part numnational anthem of url via handle
hashtag wat a sightaudience bearing such heat but still enjoying clapping n chanting modi modi modimodiji u r truly a rockstar
rt handle sheikh after modi speech
pm modi addresses num,num indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united arab em url
i love my india i love my real leader pm mr.narendra modi, my friends.
proud to be living in a country lead by a prime minister who has a spine of iron and a heart of gold modi rocks
hope pm narendra modis oratory skills set the standard for pms, cms and our politicians of the future. hashtag handle
opposingcriticizing modi is ok but favouring appreciating bunch of corrupt jokers like lalu, mamta, mulayam are the limit. hashtag
watch live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
just like he had promised acche din url
excellent and timely article url
perceptions matter more in diplomacy thn reality. but for him perhaps intimacy. hashtag url
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans exservice chiefs write to pm modi on url
those who indulge in terror must be punished pm hashtag url url
[india] traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill daily news & analysis url url
rt handle modi sarkaar will disclose the names of account holders in swiss bank after investigation,blow to congis & aaptards!
cultural performances started .modiji to arrive anytime soon. stadium is rocking
narendra modi is also a hardcore troller. trolling at its best hashtag
rt handle after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people the econom url
temple in dubaimodi making india proud what a tight slap on sikularsgo haters and start crying and curbing.
rt handle namo moment of the speech was samajhnewaale samajh gaye hain (all idiots from pak, dawood & desh drohis) hashtag
didnt you know handle, namo is anti indian & was voted to power by united spectrum of breaking india forces url
a lot of nris wishing the same. thats the saddest part url
here comes modi hashtag
rt handle umbrella in one hand suitcase in another thats what real namo is kudos to this hashtag url
proud of you handle sir!
rt handle india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modinahyan talks, uae to back the indian express url
handle you ppl did a great job. gave the opportunity to listen to namo from dxb. thanks a lot. namasthe
pm of india narendra modi arrives at the venue.
pm narendra modi holds talk with uae crown prince sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan the economic times url
rt handle handle why blame handle? blame the chaiwala chowkidar chor modi & his henchmantout jaitley. hashtag
handle bhakts have removed mulla word from their dictory till seikhs of uae are enjoying modi.
modi knows only how to make fool and how beautifully he canso stop collecting words and think abt fake policies url
hashtag if it was in india than presstitutes wud hv declared modi anti muslims as he did not wear a skull cap in mosque handle
rt handle last hopehandle bjp sources say pm modi likely to announce a special package for bihar tomorrow
rt handle fishermen between india and sri lanka fought each other on and off narendra modi
rt handle nepal sent back the teams as teams were at cross roads url
dont hit him but attack others
india nation need more people like handle modi ji
madad this is what handle has been insisting a help line for all hindus worldwide! thank you pm handle url
appears modi has been felled by the khabsa rice(biryani almost) served to him in dubai. he is waxing eloquent about the uae despots.
handle handle handle hey! its you lot that jerk off on modi mate rtd
rt handle exclusive following modis demand for temple; kejriwal, rahul, nitish etc make more demands to uae govt url
amazing speech by mr. prime minister modi handle world best leader
india is a land of many opportunities. come, explore the rich potential & invest pm modi
so bagga, modis favorite tweeple defames others by photoshopping their images & calls it sex tape. url
hashtag crown prince of uae will allot land for first ever temple in uae. modi effect
wasting time on modi dubai visit.
rt handle hashtag the power of team india under leadership of pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag hashtag url
modi in masdar one trillion dollar investment possible in india url
rt handle cc handle & handle . also handle . can any of u answer url
handle at least give hashtag some time.
there is no point criticising modis events.if economyrs continue to fall,jobs not created then this would be lost in history.
modi announces uae crown prince has given land to build a hindu temple in dubai and pledged an investment of num.num lakh crore in india.
watching pm modi on television feeling proud to be indian url
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it url
pm modi crown prince supported indias demand for un security council seat
handle has done declared new york, sydney as gujarati events & they add that modi is not popular in south india
the charisma that modi shares possibly by a very fewb global leaders
rt handle dont trust me but just visit url modi ji was talking about n just see what will you find.
pm modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium. fol url url
for both of you handle handle ,
so all haters are running for burnol after super show of strength india possesses in words of super hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag is again giving proud feeling
them numb residents indian in pm namo.
hashtag pm modi condemns twin bomb blasts in bangkok outside lord brahma temple url
the govt. of uae given permission modi to build temple?nawzubillah.didnt forget yet the occurence of guzrat & babri masjid
mr.naredra modi is a good pry minister and he wiil do her work perfectly
rt handle trade, terror to top pm modis agenda in uae today url
rt handle hashtag burnol moment for all modi haters hashtag
pm narendra modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment url url metal hashtag preorder best pric
i wish indians in dubai a happy independence day narendra modi
the unbeatable rockstar
india inc hails pm narendra modis thrust on agriculture production, startups url hashtag
we r nashukray , ehsan feramosh log
the desert silence is also shouting today modi modi modi hashtag
rt handle what upa could not do? url
handle for a change u got every word correct modi didnt
rt handle burning raga, bomb blast in bangkok and another in his heart when he sees and hears namo chants hashtag
rt handle truth revealed by hashtag, handle founder.
saggy aunty so what if numk expatriates r cheering pm modi,d real test wd b when they cheer num &only true leader of ind>pappu! hashtag
rt handle koi roko, are ppl having fits there? url
someone needs to tell handle modi led bjp govt is in centre not congress. url
rt handle congressis stashed their illegal wealth in swiss banks,modi getting foreign investments to flow in india,thats the di
sad to see people creating controversy on modi going to masjid leave the kid alone
hashtag modi i bow to all indians in uae
he is no normal pm folks. he is narendra modi.
rt handle modi shames india by attacking previous govts & dishonouring martyrs because he is ashamed to be an indian. url
rt handle love to see first time ppl are enjoying their leaders speech not only in india but outside india alsokings speech
rt handle live watch narendra modis speech in dubai url via handle
he dont know how to maintain prestige of our country url
and the modi dilemma rtunderachiever within the motherland,overachiever whenever he sets foot outside of india.hashtag
handle handle handle weldone modi ji. hope this relationship between uae & india develops further, matures and blossoms
handle handle it is becoz u ppl lick feet of modi, otherwise u will get notice for not covering the cheer leaders event.
modi rocks as usual hashtag
rt handle so is hindu editorial claiming that modi committed to deposit num lacs in our bank accounts? elevating discourse! https
rt handle the worlds perception has changed towards india. the credit goes to num crore indians and not to modi hashtag hashtag
after porn ban people have started masturbating on modi jis speech. hashtag
pls trend handle handle handle handle
rt handle pm modi india is a country full of opportunities where num of people are below age num
handle how far modi govt is differ aslongas jaitley is in helm of affairs dis will continue tell us nummajor diversi whre dy acted diff
finally modi visits the capital of kerala hashtag
rt handle narendra modi was right in visiting in a workers camp in abu dhabi. his uae visits success should be (cont) url
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag pmoindia url
rt handle handle handle people who were using fans bnum modi came to venue stopped it as he started speech, mesmerized ppl
had a wonderful meeting with hhshkmohd. we talked about several issues & agreed on need of stronger indiauae ties, tweets pm modi
there is no question of alliance in bihar amit shah url via handle
no doubt. namo is lion. will always keep india ahead url
rt handle after sachin, if anyone has pulled a crowd this way in india, its modi. hashtag hashtag
every country is donating huge amount of money to india.why num chant modi modi for that?they arent fool. they must be taking some advantages
now,opposition will start blaming on namo. because they cant see india to grow.
you handle ji make indians proud url
handle welcomegod of indiamodi sir
pm narendra modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment
rt handle if they did this in mumbai, police would have hauled them to thana, made them call their parents & fined re num url
pm modi thanks the crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for allotting land to build a temple in abu dhabi. via handle
handle after clean india, skill india, make in india, pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion url
rt handle innocent animal get to live one more day thanks to great namo hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle his name should be nriendra modi hashtag
handle handle handle mangalyaan to mars was a success, so is modiyaan to uae
image of india is changing.
pakistan kill our jawans. we visit dubai
modi modi chants welcome pm handle at dubai cricket stadium. hashtag
handle inocent peopale people lost there life in gujrat also bcz off modi dont forget that to show in ur headline
look into the mirror first what pm narendra modi told congress with his independence day speech via handle url
some of the biggest crooks in the profession the presstitutes url
irrespective of occasion or place modi blatantly peddles lies.traitor media shamelessly promotes his lies. soon we will be a nation of liars
lets hope for villages n small towns ! i guess up wont be part of india then hashtag time hashtag hashtag url
rt handle pm hashtag offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to hashtag url url
handle junior doval manages all foreign events of modi
pm hashtag speaks in malayalam to extend greetings to people from hashtag settled in hashtag hashtag
burnol moment num modi haters. hashtag
home minister,same paki kutte till barking against namo,take action or order me my num black cats enough.
modi gave nri hindus the chance to beat rajdeep but no such chance to muslims. clearly modi is antiminorities hashtag
this rahul kanwal is a servant of modi.
prime minister narendra modi digitally signs the message in the visitors book at abu dhabi on sunday! url
watch live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
modi should visit masjid in india? although i have lost my confidence on him but he wont fucking do that. go fuck yourself sickulars!
gotta say for modi to stand in dubai and talk against pakistan the way hes doing, takes balls of steel.
handle doubt your journalistic background, frustration at success of modi in usa, canada,australia, dubai. u r no journalist
handle handle handle handle dont underestimate. there are more communal people than we expect. modi can come back again
we get it handle, your narcissism helps you deal with your modiphobia hashtag
watch modi sir live. india is shinning.
get your headlines right handle url pm narendra modi offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to uae
he is just a shameless liar
rt handle so, num,num clap, whistle, chant modi in dubai cricket stadium, as pm plays to the gallery. speaks in malayalam, crowd che
pic.twitter.comiwtnumikjbnumf
handle and this is being happen because of modi ji .
rt handle surprising that it is by reuters, not bbc url
hashtag i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights url hashtag hashtag
pm modi will set up counseling camp regularly wherever indians live
handle mr modi is roaming the world. retried army officers is protest of their rights. bjp govt doesnt have time to think, shame .
rt handle handle just chill wakil shaband listen modi speech hashtag
i appreciate action of prime minister modi ji.
pm modi gives credit where it is due people of india. hashtag
rt handle modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential (second lead)
handle today i saw namo spch for msn cln india when he said salman khan and all crowd cheer up sbse jyada seetiiyaan and awaazee
handle what modi is saying bullshit in dubai & idiots in dubai are cheering. i dont know for what they are cheering.
handle modi must have ordered the rain
bakts r busy watching hashtag moment.haters r killing themslvs trying num badmouth modi somehow. hashtag url
rt handle handle those who r criticising modi for visiting mosque r hashtag and congi handlers in hindu name handle
gud night sirsee you in delhi next morninghome sweet homeshubh ratri and have a safe journyhandle url
handle pray that modi rules for next num years and your dream will come true
watching marhaba namo, cricket stadium. dubai at blk super speciality hospital url
handle handle fyi, hashtag mvmnt has been infiltrated by bjp moles, to prevent, just in case, it frm becoming an antimodi mvmnt. dangerous
rt handle nagaland was dealing with insurgency for a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in northeastern region p
we cant change this fact that our pm modi is a political celeb in its own kind. this man has huge number of fans including me too emoticon
rt handle bjp is not doing well in bihar?
but development is taking place slowly url
did modi called sheikh hasina prez of bangladesh.
rt handle electrifying an understatement to describe atmosphere at dubai cricket ground. a big thank you!rtpm modi hashtag htt
rt handle what modi did to sickulars libertards in his speech and in his uae visit hashtag url
rt handle nothing cn beat d resonance of hashtag on arab land!
rt handle handle handle amazing namo effectalmost surreal !
our beloved pm modi effect url
disturbing to read amartya sens observation on political interference in academia by the modi govt. unfortunate !
rt handle namo ka swagat sketch by a dear friend url
anything else what a wuss url
india needs to improve muchbut what our namo is doing is great improving image of indiana
we are ready to welcome the honourable indian prime minister handle to the stage
rt handle avg indian gets ecstatic when modi goes bhaiyon aur behnon. for decades no one called them that. leaders reduced us to s
if he can come out of bjp and rule as a real politician then i will
numrtnum,num indians give standing ovation to uae for temple land url prime minister narendra modi today got a chee
alwaysalways proud be bjp supporter nd modi follower
handle handle rajivsonia are simply not in the same league as modiin this case goliath winsthe davids nee gandhis lose))
modi visited the grand mosque yesterday. i stay in dubai and i didnt.
toi pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast. url
he is the peoples pm. url
entrepreneurs give thumbs up to pm narendra modis startup india mission economic times
muslims fear rising tide of hindu nationalism in modis india washington post url hashtag
hashtag jai honamoab to samaj jaopakistan. now search for another friend to support u.
rt handle everything should be that two minute instant noodle when it is modi. as for others, we are ready suffer for ages httpsemoticon
modi in hashtag hashtag a land of possibilities hashtag, news url hashtag url
world best no num strong pm shri narendra modi
the leader we deserve, the orator we need, the visionary we have earned. hashtag
hashtag something reverberted in my ears last from num it was sachin sachin today it was modi modi.i guess my choice is rnum.my hero
handle handle terrorist modi, uae cricket stadiums are alive due to pakistani heroes
pm modi ghumte rahenge till indian rs will go down up to num
hashtag to participate in pm narendra modi govts hashtag programme, to assist in capacity building url
marhaba namo forward together hashtag hashtag hashtag url via handle
rt handle if you are baffled at how asaaram, radhe maa and other charlatans get massive followings then you need to look at modi tamashas.
i fail to understand when our pm speaks d truth, he thanks all ex pms from red fort & belittle them on foreign trips url
rt handle people knew modi was fooling them, but then num thought lets get fooled one last time.
see the welcome namo gets in uae. making india proud abroad. salute you. hashtag
pm narendra modi reaches out to indian diaspora in dubai; announces madad economic times url
we lost that narendra modi who once sat in aap ki adalat & roared to the world that pakistan ko uski bhasa main jawaab dena hoga hashtag
marhaba namo in dubai num things you must know
when life gives you modi.
such euphoria no doubt pm modi rocks hashtag hashtag url
a key step against terrorism taken by our favorite pm narendra modi.
handle handle u are the one implying that modi has communalized expat population and painted an entire community as being communal
chilling with the dynasty. url
how many times did modi address d uae crown prince as his highness any count on dat hashtag
we are all electrified by the ongoing development scenario that is sweeping through out india thanks to modis sustained efforts
you got owaisi for a debate on modi. lol. handle
hashtag incredible seeing modi here in dubai.
handle handle after talking abt joint statement on terrorism samajdar ko ishara kaafi he modi threatening muslims from dubai
every time modi speaks it looks like an election speech
hashtag watching modi speak feel you with proud as he speaks only about his country and countrymen. i am proud on my pm.
rt handle modi allowed bloodshed of muslims in india but is clicking selfies with sheikhs abroad! hypocrite!
you dont have to support bjp to appreciate what modi is doing. hashtag hashtag
rt handle handle like here i asked what modi slyed to pak. dig words like sly, pak. pick up the most irrelevant tweet. ok? ab bolo
because they are umbrella arab emirates? url
rt handle modi visits uae labour camp, underscores concern over worker welfare url
handle handle this would infuriate the motherson duo even more. modi shall have to be stopped. and disruption is the name.
handle modi sounds more like bush
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url url
rt handle handle handle its juz amazing. i dont hv words to express how i am feeling. jai hind jai bharat. namo namo
watch any news channel to understand power of modi
handle highly grateful to the leaders of abu dhabi and dubai narendra modi ji
handle modi was like light at the end of the tunnel & harbinger of hope.
rt handle charismatic modi. incredible. full stadium not for rock show, but for a politician! hashtag
rt handle modi & the muslim worldhow pms uae visit breaks the religious stereotype.my column url
rt handle woaahh welcome in all language.
after num years dubai is sounds with hashtag
listen modi jis live speech from dubai
fascist modi is now indulging in saffronization of arabs too url
hashtag today atleast few hashtag hashtag ll faint after seeing modi modi chants and this pic
itne mae chota bheem ke num episode ho jaaye url
kid mom, sing me a lullaby.
crowd is going mad after every word modi is speaking as if he is vomiting money . hashtag
some key points from modis speech which will or can benefit common citizens
numdays reader handle tweeting from cricket stadium where hashtag will be giving a speech tonight hashtag url
modis popularity among the masses and the diaspora in other countries, is a source of great jealousy and disturbance for congress.
rt handle pm modi was requested to address the issue of decreasing hashtag in the country. hashtag url
handle tu politics bahut follow karta hai na so can u help me in conducting a survey on num year of modi government
handle nice over coat emoticon seems like u wore modis ten lakh suit emoticon
modi was asking num proof ofhis inocence
handle dont tweet posts of terrorism mastermind modi coward rat
modi going hard against terrorism is a good thing to hear. hope to see him work towards it when hes back. hashtag
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb deccan herald url url hashtag
modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment dubai, aug num prime minister narendra modi today held talks with url
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle designer will modi looks amoodi
rt handle hashtag modi dubai is home to large number of people from kerala
hashtag modi says he prays for the recovery of the injured in the blast in bangkok
pm modi handle says our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress hashtag
i had promised bangladesh premier sheikh hasina to have faith in me narendra modi
rt handle thanku handle num sharing this video! hashtag handle handle cc handle handle htt
when modi can get approval for mandir in dubai then school would be a cake walk for him hashtag
either you can listen to modi or listen to modi and there is no other option. hashtag
rt handle after num years of bjp rule in gujarat half of which under shri. modi this is url
love the whole speech of modi jeethis govt doing very goodgoing extremely well
our neighbour afghanistan is passing through a tough time, and india is standing with it pm modi hashtag url
why is modi talking about nagaland in uae?
help mr narendra modi in his dream of smart city
rt handle sigh. malayalam is the language. malayali is the people. url
rt handle pm narendra modi departs from abu dhabi for dubai on the second leg of his uae visit
craze for namo not just in india it surpasses even some worlds political leaders.hashtag url
rt handle pm modi visits masdar planned city project in abu dhabi url url
he is the best leader our country ever had before
modi should listen carefully to successful indians in uae url hashtag
handle indians in uae were looked upon in suspicion thanks to dawood. modi brought them respectability . <<<<should be tweet of day
what a awesome speech pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
hashtag with the right notes and right points sir modis speech enthralls the audience as usual emoticon
arrey dada handle is your colleague! url
pm modi addresses the hashtag at hashtag hashtag stadium url via handle hashtag hashtag
pindrop silence when namo said word terror hashtag hashtag
modiji should say that i am in able to sole veterans problems. so i will not eat here. but come & invest in india. url
i got the opportunity to visit sri lanka as pm and offer all assistance narendra modi
handle what about the tone of mr.modi he is no num drama baaj, only knows to speak dialogue in filmy style.
what a crowd and what a response from them. modi is god. hashtag
somewhere anurag kashyap is thinking of taking modi in lead role in next movie. true swagger modi is. hashtag hashtag
as per your observation, what is the expectation indian diaspora from namo handle handle
some hashtag r so sick that a little fevor of hashtag govt. results trending hashtag. hashtag
after america, modi rocks it in dubai too.
my sister lives in uae. she confirmed that the promised allotment never materialised. its only after namo visit hashtag
sonia is thinking about past bar dancing as her career url
pm modi when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with num cr indians. hashtag
thank god modi did not visit thailand recently or else ppl like handle wud have correlated hashtag blasts as reaction to guj riots!
good corruption bad corruption
rt handle worth the read). dont let jungle raj part ii come to bihar pm modi tears into nitish, lalu at gaya via handle htt
is it not failure of pakistan foreign policy?
modi promises num hours electricity all over india in num years very good promise
rt handle people must have not cheered a sachin tendulkars sixer so much as they are cheering every punch by namo! hashtag
sushma swaraj s lok sabha speech in reply to allegations over lalitmodi url
only hashtag can go to a hashtag nation & talk openly in his speech about hashtag & is cheered by musl
rt handle mr. saif ali khan if a terrorist (modi) can bcome pm of india, why cant a blamed terrorist go to court in pakistan? url
handle how is pakistan media taking namo visit to uae?
to counter modi visit in uae we request china to send invitation to our pm nawaz sharif for upcoming dog fest
handle thats popularity of our prime minister hashtag hashtag hashtag
respected sir, what nextwhy modi breathing in oxygen when there r other gases also present in atmosphere
rt handle how much he tries , modi cannot match handle s monkey moment in parliament hashtag url
handle handle handle handle great and warm welcome of modi is
rt handle ed has stopped investigation of sonia gandhi & rahul gandhi in national herald case. so, modi has reached some understanding w
its full and same number of namo fans waiting outsidedubai completely modifiedhandle handle url
modi rocks, world watches url
unprecedented crowds at the cricket stadium in hashtag hours before hashtag speech. shows his popularity.
frankly speaking it is modi all the way in bihar part num the analysis of voting patterns url
pm modi has mercilessly trolled & attacked pakistan without naming it even once in his speech. epic! hashtag
namo takes pak hands on! hashtag
definitely modi ji hitting a century in abudabi cricket ground.
prime minister mr. modi is probably one of the best orators among the world leaders! he can create a madison moment anywhere he wants!
hashtag would cheer hashtag
someone has suggested on facebook that the people who chanted modi! modi! from the mosque were sent there in advance from india.
it takes a stong leader to motivate the people which is what we see in mr modi
rt handle pm narendra modi greets the hashtag community at the start of hashtag
rt handle pm modi gives credit where it is due people of india. hashtag
handle congress flays pm modi on pak shelling.
handle vallu tarvata anna mana jaggu case ee no movement. modi seeing everything political but not ethically
muslims is canada chanting modi modi
rt handle hashtag whenever i hear namo talking hashtag i feel pity for mani shankar aiyer
heard one of the few congressmen left that modis visit to uae would be considered futile if he cant bring back dawood & tiger memon
pm of ur nation visits a hashtag for diplomacy. citizens behave like idiots on twitter making fun of it. so much for interest in progress hashtag
people from all over the world have come here to settle in dubai pm hashtag
rt handle stage is set for mr. modi
watch live here > pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
rt handle whether he drums up fdi or not, modi is giving ulcers to haters each time he goes abroad or a head of state visits india
handle handle the main problem is in assam, it has gone to the point of noreturn what namo is trying to do is to
these lamentable characters r so caught up in their hate for the pm that threir minds dont go beyond absolute shit. url
modi to open world hindi conference on september num url
i guess that like ls elections & modiyapa at madison, this time too modis gala event is being broadcasted by bjps tv crew only
hashtag every ball is going to boundary but this time not the sachin but namo playing on front foot
wowcommendable speech by our respected p.m namo. our country has a great future and the world supports us hashtag
at uae, dubai stadium .wow what a fabulous mahol. with our pmhashtag
modi come at me bro url
the world will have a culture shock to see modi as pm after having seen a gem dr mms said my dad. rightly so. url
hashtag amol from usa namo is representing india not bjp
rt handle national anthem of both the nations sung and the speech has just begun. modi ji appreciates all the expats for their hard w
handle ji handle ji completely messing up big time modis image he is only good for press conference and debates
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae the times of india url
dad spent most of his professional life in uae, he said if he were still living there he would definitely go to the stadium to see modi
i bow to this prime minister ! hashtag url
sri modi visiting to uae is bringing a great change in india which resulting to seize the illegal property of daud ebrahim in uae
waiting for modi in dubai cricket stadium at num deg c. time is num.num. another hour and half to go. hashtag url
rt handle handle handle he should ve talked about the fair treatment to them. yet, it was a satisfying trip hashtag
time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi.
ndtv people from all over the world have come here to dubai pm modi url url
pm modis dubai speech key highlights url hashtag hashtag timesofindia
modi knew that i will not in the mosque, then the government would not agree to the temple. these mind games and nothing
mint narendra modi seeks $num trillion in investments from uae. url
pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see miniindia in dubai pm modi why dont you create a mini dubai in india & reverse the trend
thats congis, aaptards, presstitutes who will never like anything only coz its modi hashtag url
handle sir, now a day sycophancy is in rampant. most stange tht modi renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, it is very sad & insulting to us
i love the way namo said samajhne walle samajh jayenge pakistan beware. hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag modi started speech and gone deep inside handle
rt handle pm modi asks over num,num indians to give crown prince a standing ovation at dubai cricket stadium. hashtag url
rt handle pm modi takes a tour of masdar city in abu dhabi hashtag url
pm modi addressing to presedent obama barak url
handle orop will be implemented soon v k singh url hashtagbelieve & trust on modis words
goi has launched an emigrate portal named madad to address the grievances related to rtpm modi hashtag url
handle handle handle handle, handle the vision with whuch modi is going on are very precious.
rt handle this is not up . little india at dubai stands with namo . now what will the congress do ? hashtag hashtag http
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
handle handle it seems you will become irrelevant for any news channel you go if modi starts supporting muslim nations
thats the way to roll namo sir.
there were no bank accounts or insurance schemes for indians before jan dhan rtmodi in dubai url
but still, modi should have wore skull cap while giving his speech at dubai if he believes in equality sagarika
after hosting num odis dubai cricket stadium to host modi. hashtag
any religon evr teaches terrorsm?no
handle handle handle do you knw all gujju muslims voted modi. so please come out of phobia.
uae allots land for church gurdwara temple num
rt handle handle handle u need to be human to understand namo
modi on finding solutions to deal with terrorism it doesnt matter for how long you fight,final decision is taken after talks & on a table.
num census data num cr
() artist akbar saheb who pm hashtag has been eager to meet also presents a painting of him dedicated to the memory of his mother.
the warm reception and respect pm modi recieved in uae shows what position india has in global affairs hashtag
handle shhssssssdont disturb sagarika , its modi time , keep calm and sit
me in num guys did you know num x num = num. interesting
indian pm modi offers uae $numtn investment options url
handle handle handle handle handle now congress & other will blam uae govt being communal for modi
uae allots land for temple on modi visit hashtag url
rt handle if it rains in india, indians in uae hold up their umbrellas. if there is any problem in india, you cannot sleep well, says pm
mr modi is set to break at least one record.
no point in debating we, hindustanis know what modi has done congis wl never learn their blood changed tdy
handle cong+media dent modi image at any cost
pm hashtag hashtag hashtag for im
modi making india powerfull, many historical decision taken in dubai (uae)
already he has delivered more than you all could ever so url
modi is bashing islamic terrorism in no holds barred attack that too in strict islamic country. that takes some metal. raga must be shitting
modi , modi, modi, modi , vandemataram and bharat mataki jai chants all over the cricket stadium hashtag emoticon
dont know much about indias pm narendra modi but he seems to have brought new blood into indias leadership.
modi and the muslim world url via handle
hashtag modi works hard day and night. world respects every where he goes for some reason. world is not fool, right?
thangs to modi abu thhubhai will finally get a temble.
shame on modi. his govt bjp, rss have zero contribution in makeinindia & blaming others shows his cheap mentality.
after so many days watching modi live, even on live streaming is worth living an indian life. hashtag
rajdeep right now constipated & hearing modis speech hashtag url
.handle may be you forgetting her definition of abuse is saying nice things about modi or his govt emoticon
what modi has achieved rs. num.num lakh crore investment, a temple in abu dhabi, a clear statement against terrorism (which hurt islamabad)
rt handle crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi hashtag
long standing land boundary issue with bangladesh, was resolved on num august.it was pending since num hashtag
stfu! at least you are not eligible to talk on this issue.u were in power for all these days and did nothing. hashtag url
rt handle pm modi appeals to people to give standing ovation to crown prince as a thanking gesture for allowing temple in abu dhabi.
handle are you in india i heard u left india after modi winning
rt handle if you are attending the speech to be delivered by indias prime minister narendra modi in dubai international cricket stadi
narendra modi bhaijaan
so numbs[bbb] cant stand namo numds[ddd] troll his fans numcs[ccc] hate him congiscommiescorrupt last one thanks handle rt
hashtag hashtag hashtag to address hashtag hashtag in hashtag cricket stadium. coming up in num mins. hashtag
rt handle independence day speech sartorially subdued modi softens fiery rhetoric
modi nonstop from dubaijust amazing hashtag handle
handle amezing gesture toward pm modi. thanks.
handle even i wondered today how come modi speaks without an script. but not rahul gandhi
f bigger disgrace india sees him hashtag
soldiers cry shame shame on modis speech ev
handle handle sir modi is responsible for entire country not num delhi there is an elected cm who purchased tons of onions whr r they?
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
mr modi, pm, who belongs to ideology of rss,which arouses hatred against muslims here, is seeking investments from muslim countries
modi tells the world to take a stand on terror & himself failed to take a stand. hashtag url
development pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin economic times pm nar url economy
giving speech or sachin bating dubai cs has so far hosted
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle wait! its not indoa! its uae! temp more than num, and look at people! this man narendra modi theres something amazing
rt handle it was a huge decision to allot land for temple in abu dhabi by the crown prince. only modi could have managed to get it do
outstanding speach from modi
num. terrorist hamid gul died
rt handle for the next month,no mention of modi if it comes on my tl,i will ignore it.
hashtag last was master blasters strokes in uae that brought so much indians at one place. now its namo namo
rt handle what a speech from fdi to terrorism to naga accord every neighbour gets a mention (except ofcos pak) take a bow pm mo
i dont know what dr manmohan singh must be feeling while watching modi addressing indian diaspora abroad.
handle pls dont expect that in the next numyrs. there aint any modilike personality who indians would cheer for. btw, use burnol
hashtag no one loves hashtag in dubai. if they, they would have written narendra modi with placards in the stadium.
rt handle muslims in the crowd also cheering for modi. adarsh librals have tough days ahead. hashtag
the ruler of arab wanted to throw some comedy & entertainment to his people, so allowed merhaba modi show in cricket stadium hashtag
handle modi is true rockstar and a common man. one of the most popular leaders of world.
rt handle have we noticed how a big bang anti modi news breaks the moment he goes on a foreign trip n makes unprecedented headway?
handle i think modi is nightmare for you politician
giriraj singh indian muslims go to pak .
rt handle handle wished keralities a happy new year in malayalam. sheikhs enjoying modis malayalam as well as hindi spee
for num year modi has been globe trotting at ex chequers money n presenting himself as a superior
.handle modis beard confused poor muslim that he is a muslim num emoticon handle handle handle handle handle handle
even haters cant ignore modi ji url
rt handle reaction of ashutosh after watching modi ji inside a mosque. hashtag url
rt handle no photoshop this is hashtag rocks hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle modi uae has agreed to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india
hashtag modi ji is rockstar of num crore indiansare congressi and aapians included in this just asking. url
no dear journos, sanjiv bhatt is not someone who took on guj govtmodi. he is someone who put baseless allegations rejected outright by sc
i just browsed through my twitter timeline.
rt handle marhaba modi ka magic,
his actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, namo a true leader.hashtag hashtag
handle pak army may whip shariff saab to run to dubai cricket stadium to hook the ferocious bouncer that modi has bowled today .
rt handle handles created by handle as promodi ones initially, then attack, abuse and spin hatred!
pm modi at uae address highlighted bangladesh and its leadership for solving unsolved border issue since num. a role model for others.
handle modi is declaring pakistans innings at the stadium. not even sly > url
the country awaits its powerful leader to give some moral power and support to his armed forcesnamo namo.
handle handle biggest terrorist is modi ur pm. centre of rapes shameless india.hashtag. url
campaigning for num through madad platform. nris to vote modi enmasse. cong out of race
handle i guess modi remembers when he called dialogues as loveletters and was adamant to reply pak in their way. hashtag
handle hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now] url
somnum somnum somnum stocksmarketin hashtag new post lalit modi to he url url
rt handle handle mind boggling to see so many hashtag cheering emoticon
uae hell for women, no rights, no freedom.
grain of salt blames the sea for saltyness. thats our ganja ex banker, now master of everything handle url
somehow missed the numinch chatti handle. has it shrunk? handle url
every time i see modis name i go modi modi modi! indy indy indy! like bobby digitals nyc everything. url
rt ndtv the joint statement between our nations is extremely pleasing pm modi in dubai url url
handle handle handle modi or pm modi. without this name u cant sell ur faltoo news?
pm modi india taking its place on global stage is a reflection of its changing face
handle handle handle handle yeh tu phir haqaiq sy munharif honay ki baat hai.whole world knows the actual face of hashtag
we recall the goldman sri sri speak about modi govts espionage and a sure witted win of num for a dollar. indeed i url
handle handle no num knows modi outside gujarat rtp ha ha haburnol for congis
rt handle modi on finding solutions to deal with terrorism it doesnt matter for how long you fight,final decision is taken after t
rt handle there is no point criticising modis events.if economyrs continue to fall,jobs not created then this would be lost in history
rt handle our media misses, besides trillions $ investment, modi engages uae for antimoney laundering, drug trafficking & extrad
sir, is this acche dinin dubai youre beating your drum and publicly running down an ex pm hashtag
modi govt development
modi in dubai is good strategy before bihar polls? she gets paid for this bs analysis url
rt handle problem with goodbad terrorist is yakub memon get hanged but rajiv killersbullar killeraseemanandkodnanibajrangi not! m
rt handle while you are watching modi in dubai, dont forget to read this piece that details why his visit is significant https
handle sir, why do you shy away about karnataka issues and go gaga on modi ji handle handle handle handle
live blog pm hashtag to address indian diaspora in hashtag shortly url
rt handle army is god until they question bhagwan modi. handle
you can either be with humanity or terrorism pm modi hashtag hashtag
modi works on trp model,whenever it is low he organises a huge pr event. hashtag
handle handle handle handle wats the reason behind the num daytrip to dubai by modi.read @ url
modi is not just another pm of india.none before him cud communicate so well with ppl and raise so much hopes for better days handle
rt handle modi says casteism needs to be curbed. but amit shah met a set of caste leaders as a election strategy in hashtag. hashtag
handle numb frank, modi didnt set d target of num yrs. he always talked abt num(num yrs) goal.
can i roam around in mini skirts? url
rt handle modi just met rouhani, will go to ksa, receive erdogan and meet bibi, again. an me strategy at work url vi
pakistanis must be shaking in their boots listening to modis speech in dubai,in some words no exilesterrorists will be given haven in uae
handle just imagine the stamina of namo. he is no spring chicken, he is num and yet is upto mark in his dedication. hats off
rt handle one day we will trend hashtag hopefully that will be our last trend relating to modi. hashtag
hashtag will nsalevel talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi url
why modis speech will not win the orop war url
hashtag are used to her chants like sachin sachin nw its modi modi hashtag
pm modi accused antinationalist ngos, of harbouring antinational agenda! but nomedia highlight. hashtag hashtag
thanks to mr modi, our country is receiving a lot of international attention. hashtag
handle handle why pakistan jealous now uae and india are best friends. modi is the best handle handle
feel the tone of narendra modis speech at dubai.
rt handle waiting for handle to tweet.
one world one familyin uae pm mr. modi has c.history wid govt.(king) of dubai as allowing to m.temple in abudhabi url
thank you once again mr al qassemi. url
do all the permanent members do? url
rt handle indians in uae not behind in making their country proud narendra modi hashtag
rt handle num yrs silence for the experts who predicted that relationship with the middleeast would collapse if modi ever became
bee good for pm modi ji lge rho bhai
shame on this so called muslim king of hashtag performing puja with hashtag in temple. hashtag
url i wonder if modi asks these foreign leaders how come you are not following me on twitter?
modi must be super annoying on facebook.
pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the url
people here dont own umbrellas. really.
news narendra modis speech num. click here to read more url
modi rocks in hashtag. hashtag are proud worldwide hashtag hashtag
rt handle free domain handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle still there is no mention of nehru, indira and rajiv gandhi. congress must file a case against modi. hashtag
such a huge crowd in dubai cricket stadium, cant say modi is giving speech or sachin tendulkar is batting. hashtag
handle modidoval will cut dawoods financial emperor first.
amazing reception for namo by indian diaspora,mainly keralites and multitude of muslims showing immense popularity for namo.handle
he loves sheikh thats why url
capiche, capiche, capiche? *points to everyone listening*
hashtag offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to hashtag hashtag url good play! defense@hashtag @hashtag?
handle mim afzal see tv how much ppl love modi see the grand welcome in uae.
rt handle aman sinha talks pol crap on oropndtv. oozes of arrogance. problem being created where none exists.pm modi better b bewar
hashtag modis mass welcome & reception in uae is a fuckin burnol moment for secular bastards and hashtag hashtag bastards
narendra modi comes from a movement widely perceived as against social justice. url
rt handle hashtag must need after modi jis speech hashtag hashtag url
aadhar card new pareshaani created by modi to dilute our taxes
people at indian community reception held
rt handle probably can say india in asl reply of omegle url
on the eve of nsa talks, modi appears to have made some subtly conciliatory comments toward pakistan in his dubai speech. hashtag
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister url
handle love u modi ji god bless u
free saarc satellite in num for farmers, scientists ~ modi.
imf, world bank or moodys have all praised indias growth rate pm modi
rt handle congress and left are not baffled with modis craze in islamic nation but over feeling that their biggest source of fun
handle handle handle great; if modi come to pak he attract more ppl than any pak leader hashtag url
narendra modi become world leader & world is recognizing
rt handle electrifying an understatement to describe atmosphere at dubai cricket ground. a big thank you!rtpm modi hashtag url
rt handle picnum sachins famous six in num
handle handle after all requests & plea, modi govt. is in inactive, spellbound character. identifying feature of modi govt.
rt handle rightly put! url
rt handle handle handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num m odi. (modi)
live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi url
handle handle a lion has no boundaries, do he is lion pm modi in dubai
i am feeling proudbecause modi ji is my pm.
rt handle never has a recent indian leader connected with people across the globe so effectively yielding resultshashtag hashtag hashtag
indian pm modi delivered a speech in dubai ; addressing the indian expats
hashtag unprecedented. unbelievable. this is something we can call as stupendous. namo is a true world leader! proud!
muslims is isreal chanting modi modi
proud to have modi as our pm hashtag
rt handle pm modi says more indians travel to & from uae than any other country hashtag
not like india have him a majority or anything url
rt handle indian exports dropped num last month; indian rupee at lowest value of last num years; modi taking selfies handle ht
rt handle one modi is enough to destroy whole congress.abudhabi prince agreed to invest rsnumlakh crores in india.modi highlights abt tr
handle handle reality chk all nris in world roughly make num.numcr thats less num of india popln;but gets num of modi,s attention !
handle handle handle why video camera dont rake num degree view of modi rallies really numk ppl thr ? i doubt
once a congress leader said modi ko gujrat ke bahar janta kaun hai
hashtag watching namo live speaking to jam packed cricket stadium magic
hashtag rt shubhajitroy modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi ho, yeh samb
great speech of honble pm sh. narender modi ji at uae
only when he becomes italian! why shame india with such dumbo url
rt handle modi in dubai live thousands queuing up outside to enter the stadium url
breaking news , after modi speech in uae, burnol will be out of stock for another num year handle handle where is ms iyer the great ?
rt handle ettn pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister narendra mod url
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle numk ppl at pm modis mega reception,palpable excitement,crowd cheering &chanting hashtagpoor congis & libtards>life is g
usbased hindu students to honour pm modi for spreading awareness about yoga hashtag,golfswing url
pm modi time has come for the people of the world to unite against terrorism
we work, not with arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development pm modi in dubai
rt handle it rains in india and you offer us an umbrella to help out pm modi in dubai url url
modi deliberately speaks about anti terrorism by indirectly addressing to gold man. brave modi ji hashtag
hashtag live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi prime minister narendra modi took to stag url
i think if i was an indian minority in a foreign country i too would have loved modi. cant blame the nris.
what do u expect from aaptards url
wow. just wow. this is for the pm. hes surely some kinda rockstar i think hashtag url
you promised us num lakhtit for tat url
and handle will praise modis visit
rt handle a wonderful picture welcome of pm narindra modi in dubai. url
rt handle the number of skull caps in a modi event is directly proportional to the percentage increase in sale and use of burnol tu
modi has crossed all the limits of hashtag today &emotionally fooling the audience hashtag
rt handle a birds eye view of hashtag shared on the occasion of hashtag visit! url
there is nonveg food on the menu. while hashtag bans beef in hashtag. oh the irony
rt handle aaptards r unhappy coz they fear that if dawoods activities get somewhat restricted coz of evil modidoval,itll impact
aur kya loge bhai emoticon
handle that was a photoshop pic by bhakts to credit modi
i would like num show u list of foreign tours of mms & modi & judge yourself.
rt handle the number of skull caps in a modi event is directly proportional to the percentage increase in sale and use of burnol tubes. hashtag
rt handle modi visited mosque to get muslim votes in bihar. never visited jama masjid in delhi.
dear modi, before talking about dealing with terrorists how about dealing with pakistan first?
url live you are enhancing indias pride pm modi tells indians in dubai url
its like gujarat, hazaro policement in jail, modi and amit r url
just like num d pictures effect
rt handle modi modi after every sentence he speaks handle hashtag
modi bjp government and rss both cant make temple ram mandir in india.and want to make in uae emoticon
hashtag what a speech what a speech legendary i say watching narendra modi
uae to invest num.num lakh crore rupees in india whoaaaaaaa! great business deal struck, modi ji hashtag
handle handle handle and what is modi ideology?
rt handle it needs something more than num to be bold as this! ordinary human beings cannot have that guts. hashtag
but the real question is is modiwave still there url
hashtag is it a repeat telecast? someone seriously needs to change modis repetitive speech. hashtag
watching narendra modis live speech from dubai
handle modi uae has agreed to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the hindu url url hashtag
there are so many mallus in uae. if modi says mohanlal gandhi, they will still cheer him for mohanlal.
dear handle he wants your analysis of modis speech. hopefully you can doit if your butt is not painful url
excitement builds up at dubai cricket
btw handle if hashtag has been accused in any hashtag then what is rationale of showing his hate for namo? portaying victim?
love & respect to uae
wall to wall media coverage in the uae press on pm narendra modis visit. hashtag url
rt handle national anthem being sung in dubai before pm narendra modis address in national stadium url
rt handle handle handle modi speaking about planning to launch a common satellite for the welfare of hashtag countries
dear news channel walo there are some more important news than modis speech to show.
rt handle today namo pushed hashtag num years backcongress need one modi for survival hashtag hashtag
pm modi on twoday uae visit from tomorrow prime minister url
handle always research before you speak. url
rt handle modi loads his speech in such a way, he addresses one consituency of people. a political stateman, unparellelled in hi
handle what is the hole? is there a temple in abu dhabi? has the govt. not decided to allot land after modis visit? handle
good to see that handle you are also watchingmarhaba namo hashtag
rt handle pm modi accused antinationalist ngos, of harbouring antinational agenda but paid media silent on it !
~bjp clean sweep in mp polls, reposes faith in shi
im a fan of such kinda imagination
rt handle modi was served gujarati food during uae visit. it seems middle east has taken make in india more seriously than we have.
no religon evr teaches terrorism.
not sure whether modi can influence uae against dawood, but will sow seeds of doubt in the terror groups. what if we are compromised?
if elections were to be held in uae today, modi will simply sweep them handle
rt handle mr modi is a spaceage politician. one year ago, clearly, he promised us the moon.
handle what a speech take a bow pm modi
handle dr mms had visited saudi arabia as finance minister in num handle modi url holds no candle for india
modi is in quite the form eh
rt handle pm narendra modi ji n cm manohar lal khattar ji you encouraged our volunteers of mumbai cleanses campaign by ur tweet.
i will never forget the love and affection i received here handle hashtag
the effect of num crore indians, mr. modi would say. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle from why modi isnt visiting a muslim country to hashtag in arabian peninsula.
rt handle hashtag pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium hashtag read more here url
pm modi says dubai is not only mini india, but a mini world too hashtag
modi ji is numst pm to visit uae.
who is amartya rakshas? is he same one who did corruption in nalanda university? url
live it took num years for an indian pm to come to uae, says modi hindustan times url hashtag hashtag
handle sir, hitting fours & sixes at hashtag stadiumwell played, sir
hashtag num key takeaways from modis uae visit url via handle
why? did islam originate in india or arabian desert? url
handle plenty of skull caps on show hope rajdeep will approve emoticon
handle ye pic bina caption ke hi funny hai on serious note, being a liberal i dont modi being a gayemoticon. well is he?
handle hazard has more goals from open play, than modi has successful mous
rt handle modi addresses thousands of indian expats at dubai cricket stadium url url
rt handle i wont stand under the sun, in august, in dubai for even maria sharapova or halwapuri. i salute guys who are waiting
handle barak obama stop this hashtag .
hashtag in dubai. such a proud moment. place for numk ppl only and numk+ people already registered. thankyou handle for making us proud
omg namo speaks in malayalam for people of kerala .look at the crowd cheering
hashtag after modi jis speech in dubai
rt handle u get and publish mainly such news journalism of courage))))) url
rt handle let me clear i stand firm with narendra modis evry stand taken as prime minister of india. handle handle
handle handle handle top cop did say modi was involved
handle handle no khabar of pappu since ind day,just look out for him in the crowd in dubai, cheering himself silly num modi
seeing modi in dubai, num thing for surehis magic has come down lolllzzzz handle
modi is the ameer sayani of this era hashtag
handle if for instance we agree with u still i would like to know in what hashtag is good at. emoticon url
hashtag thanks for making a visit we num.num million indians salute your visit! hashtag hashtag hashtag url
handle handle handle handle i had never thought india would elect modi. so all my secular expectation have been shattered
modi have ordered embassy in uae to resolve technical issues reg emigrate within num days. handle
pm modi global community should reject states supporting terrorism
pm modi ji you are dignity of india.
watching cnnibn modis live speech. this narendra modi we can re arrange to read as
modi ji rocking handle
i sense an aptitude test type question here. url
modi is perfectly selling his game plans for next num years. hashtag
they know well that who can change their life.
live it took num years for an indian pm to come to uae, says modi hindustan times url
handle handle this not actual handwriting of modipm use to sign only in visitors book
handle if modi ji would have got wages of indians in gulf equal num european, his visit would hv been a success. what in addressing num
rt handle with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list prime minister narendra modis linkedln profile is
modi diluting hashtag act, no lokpal,dubious cvo appointed, killed hashtag, rti gagged, is killing judicial independence handle
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb all india muslim personal law board (aimplemoticon today said url
how modi should dispose off what he ate? it is worth for a intellectual debate url
handle handle hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now, hd streaming] url
mcen modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment narendra modi talked about investment climate in india a url
handle when modi speech going on how can u sleep.
rt handle i dont hate modi as hatred doesnt have place in my heart but tht doesnt denies d fact that he is undeserving criminal
rt handle nagaland had been suffering from insurgency. today, after num years, we held peace talks with those who engaged in terrori
rt handle hashtag r u listening? i hope he is not frm rssbjp! url
uae backs bid for unsc seat for indiahashtag namo
in the stadium and euphoria, that is reverberated with namos vibration is something else. only to feel it live, from dubai*
rt handle god has some very special purpose for sending namo on earth! not only india he will change the world! hashtag
hashtag hashtag i feel so proud num be a citizen of a country bcoz of namo unbelievable gods gift to india on
modi is ashamed of everything , even being an indian, except wat happened in num. we are ashamed of having such an idiot pm
rt handle connection between bihar elections & modi in dubai handle handle handle see the connection you bhakts. emoticon url
all this happened live on tv and it ended with anchor sheepishly smiling and saying kitna utsaah hai logon mein url
rt handle after pm modi, friend prashant raghuvamsham (bureau chief asianet) seems to be high in public demand! url
bjpnumtamilnadu rt isupportnamo live telecast marhaba namo forward together hashtag
it took an indian pm num years to reach uae. i promise this will not happen in the rtpm narendra modi hashtag
cant imagine rahul gandhi as pm in place of modi after watching hashtag
rt handle pm modi is not listening to our soldiers.sign the petition & force him to act hashtag
handle handle handle handle remarkable speech by namo which also focused our problems, namo a true & great leader.
i dont know why this kind of thinking. even jr. bush is an evangelical christian but as president he didnt push the agenda. so is modi.
handle handle really great atmosphere in uae for modi. hashtag
rt handle the cultural program at dubai cricket stadium has begun, where pm modi will address the gathering
rt handle breaking people chanting modi modi inside mosque r not just indian but mostly paki & bangladeshis hashtag url
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae url
handle handle handle human pile of sh*t is great way to describe! hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle modi ji is schduled to arrive in an hour or so
ppl like modi ~ unche log, unchi pasand
hashtag pm narendra modi speaking at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
rt handle this moron doesnt realize that nris are indian citizens they can even become pm. lol! url hashtag
pm modi says there are many opportunities for the cos to make in india hashtag
i have heard of many great orators in world but watched only one live. modi. hashtag
narendra modi in uae pm modi wishes keralites on occasion of chingam url via url
i am witnessing a miniindia in dubai today pm modi url url
.kishkindha modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrat url url
pm modi live in dubai stadium with num k people
handle with respect to whom lalit modi or sonia or bofors.sorry to mingle u
hashtag handle handle handle handle url
its great experiance to listen modi ji.
great leader., and great speech
rt handle hashtag hashtag pm narendra modi meets workers at hashtag url url
handle but the pic said modi did this i think u should retire from mainstream prematurely
handle handle this bohra community has been strength for modi in gujarat too
dubai stadium gets jampacked num hours before modi speech in the stadium hashtag , people chanting modi modi
rt handle few weeks ago dad asked me what swagger meant. today i told him modi has swagger and he got it. hashtag
rt handle rw can complain, that namo repeats his plans and schemes. but its very imp he does that, else msm and seculars will drown t
handle handle and as an important corollary will modi let arab princess hunt houbara bustards ? thats the litmus test
this discredited moron still doesnt no that modi already resides in islamic of republic of lutyens handle handle handle
rt handle its hard to salute modi.
handle i have seen history videos. hitler used to evoke same kind of response. modi=hitler hence proved. hashtag
handle handle handle a great relation between both counties and only pm modi can do this the best pm of india
handle handle handle handle handle topic ofsecularism is fr brainless ppl.utla its good tht modi num
rt handle handle and those photoshopping saying with glee that this is how dubai greets modi!
rt handle hey dawood ibrahim, what if you rule in dubai, you cant stand in a stadium like modi and face such a huge crowd even in dubai
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin pm modi, with over one million followers, url
narendra modis political opponents are bad. they like terrorists, hate india
modification no tokenism, no appeasement, just social empowerment of minorities, by handle
everyone is so jealous of modi and sheikhs dostana scene hashtag
modi speaking about terrorism. now, that, is hindu terror a.k.a saffron terror. hashtag
very aptly put across url
now playing sabse aage hisdustani song hashtag hashtag handle crowds electrified hashtag
now that modis speech is over the presstitutes can rest in peace
rt handle responding to atal jis call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm modi in dubai url
hashtag proud of our prime minister emoticon handle
handle handle handle marhaba namo ! what does that mean ?
thank god now promises r over n political lecture is finished. good night url
hashtag hashtag hashtag rally handle did mimicry of pm
rt ndtv the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the num crore people of india pm modi in dub
modi ji now other countries have changed the way they look at india do you know why
rt handle handle handle only namo
handle hey do you see what mr modi doing in uae
yay guys he has aladin ka chirag na emoticon
sikular mediaconnecting modi at mozque and bihar electionwhat else to expectpappustan times url
handle sanjay jha rtwho said modi pulls crowd, showing pic of empty chairs url
pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of uss madi url
what @ speech at dubai cricket stadium
rt handle hashtag its new trend where opposition tries to target hashtag and hashtag does the viceversa siddharth varadarajan t
handle then i thought modi will give it back to pak in his own style
^~^ pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat
rt handle after dubai grand mosque it is evident that india matters for pm modi not religion or caste. way to go.
fuck it, im gonna be a stripper line namo ni anya after abpsyc exam handle url
yes, nris should get out of their ghetto mentality and integrate with the mainstream of their adopted nations. url
hashtag plans to invest rs num.num lakh crore in hashtag, pm modi says in dubai url
rt handle public money to bach jaata hai url
handle really feeling so proud modi is our pm
fact modi has num million followers on twitter
print media avoiding publishing lots of image of pm modi uae visit .why ? why affraid ? image must reach to citizens who r my on social medi
rt handle how do they always get a large group of bohri muslims to sit together at these overseas modi events?
rt handle the warm & grand welcome by the rulers of hashtag reflect changing image of india; d efforts of nris. ~ hashtag in hashtag httpemoticon
shows a hashtag like hashtag can make even the hashtaggovt bend. its pathetic they way he was treated url
rt handle .handle writes to hashtag, blames ed chief for scuttling probe in national herald case url
hashtag connecting india one speech at a time. hashtag hashtag
astonishing crowd to hear namo at dubai! cant think of any other politician who could manage this rock star reception in arab world
handle pakistani leaders are piss poor. modi despite being a serial killer is developing strong relations with other countries.
rt handle hashtag is truely a regional leader, to which ever region he goes, he can pull crowd. got it congoons hashtag
you are those people who have worked hard & are working here for many years; at the same time you are enhancing hashtag pride pm hashtag
by visiting uae & sheikh zayed mosque, what modi ji did to adarsh liberals
rt handle this crowd proves that muslims hv no problem with modi, its the congress that want to make it sound like he is their du
afficionados roaring modi modi.
handle chicha u heard wht modi said abt pak any comments? hashtag
handle handle i guess self loathing. they know their own self are worth lesser than crap and to feel imp try to hypenate with namo
hashtag assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord url hashtag hashtag
i know you have many complaints regarding embassy (crowd answers no), its good if you dont have any, but in case you havepm modi
no idea what this is but im hypnotized. url
what a great orator sir narendra modi is
pm modi asks people to gift insurance to their sisters on rakshabandhan hashtag hashtag hashtag
coz mrs patil never used her honble position to bring tie ups, jvs, mutual agreements and her pr never bothered. url
handle handle thanks to namo,we were spared of nonsense preached by your news channels today
rt handle rofl tweet of the day url
visibility pm modi scores a point! hashtag
did modi take all these chutiyas cheering for him in dubai along for free or have they managed to get there on their own? hashtag
handle wetting under your pants as modi speaks.
others could hv come but last num yrs, no real pm, only a puppet .hashtag
cringe o you sickularists, hang your heads in shame, hide your faces! feel the envy at yet another hashtag rock show in dubai hashtag
hashtag despised by indian media feared by i congress & rejected by the west should hashtag be pm of india url
handle handle modi becoming like a cheer leader ha ha , ask him to wear bikini also.
handle u have passion like namo in ur work style. u can reach on people s heart like him url
rt handle listening to a speech makes you a patriot? i guess ill never be a patriot all my life url
i never heard any speech of modi or may be any political leader
rt handle modi hashtag only talks&does nothing, rahuls anger not good & kejriwal doing a good job anna hazare to aemoticon news htt
handle the num inch chest comes into the stadium. eat your hearts out modi haters and handle papplus
modi problems are resolved on table with discussion. sir why didnt you had same approach during our parliament session ? hashtag
rt handle go around the world anywhere but the worst kind of politics u will find only in the incredible india.hashtag.
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora at numrtnum pm hashtag url
really feel proud to experience the phenomenon called namo
modi= made of defence irritation
marhaba modithe slogan in dubai among numthausand indians.i think num the day when ppls expectations would b url
maam handle too many indian muslims in dubai chantng modi modi. pls tweet. im worried for u. are u alive? did u survive the stroke?
rt handle all those who kept saying modi travels abroad for corporates & industrialists, need to see this video url
yes only honest and nationalists.aapians,congis and nitish supporters rattled badly at response to modi hashtag url
i never seen before any indian pm got this much love and blessings around the globe. crowd shouts modimodi always. hashtag
suchhuge crowd in dcs,cant say modi is
great work by pm modi
rt handle hashtag because we owe a lot to them, this is unfortunate that modi govt backtracked from the hashtag poll promise
handle wow all said and done modi is handle of india
best thing about modi foreign tour, trolls gets new meme every time hashtag hashtag hashtag
watching mr. modis speech makes you realize how shitty manmohan singh really was hashtag hashtag
rt handle *on twitter*
enthusiasm in people are not purchased by money who are witnessing modi out there
hashtag if modi ji realy did something bed for muslims how did he get such huge amount for invest,love and lots of respect frm dubai
most laughable comment by hashtag
. handle , modis tamasha on allahs earth will be more appropriatehashtag
modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment the pm said all ma url
rt handle ever seen a pm who is loved by all? meet mr modi emoticon hashtag
donated in july num. pic.twitter.comiwtnumikjbnumf
did handle go meet modi?
narendra modi hitting fours & sixes masjid jakar mandir k liye jagah le li,well played, sir.thanks to prince of dubai hashtag
the only takeaway from modis independence day speech hes living in a gilded cage url via handle
modi visit use for indian development
govt of india has launched an emigrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi hashtag
handle modi ji you are also indian
handle kaha se laati ho itna hatred? eat sleep drink breathe modi hatred. hate has consumed you.
handle have you read book modi effect
why modi explaining even small favor to any nation wd a such a big hype. cmn hv any heard frm any other world leader like hashtag
handle no mattr what his shortcomings,modi knows how num swing a crowd;nonpareil;handle handle handle handle handle
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
instead of modi, just imagine rahul gandhi giving speech in dubai. it would have been called a stand up comedy night.
handle handle modis extempore speech was welcomed tumultuosly
handle its not modi effect url
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae will launch satellite that will help saarc nations pm modi url
modi is hitting sixes in hashtag & its hurting at num places
modi ji, amazing news for you. amazon is selling selfie sticks at num less. grab the opportunity big fella.
handle rti wait for monday so eagerly for arnab handle .i returned home frmlingaraj temple & its same boring modi bhaashan goin on.
usa, japan, australia now hashtag wherever he goes, he just mesmerizes. congis were like gujrath ke bahar kaun janta hai modi ko? hashtag
rt handle to understand modi jis pure intention requires a healthy mind filled with nation devotion and h.umanity url
handle honestly i prefer the term aaptards more than being modified
every death due to terrorism is unfortunate,, either in bangkok or of home minister from a state of neighborhood. url
thanks pm modi for fantastic speech in dubai
i dnt undrstnd y evry meetng of modi looks alike.
rt handle only purpose of modis rock shows is to troll political pundits who wrote him off. lol!
handle handle dude dont tell me thats video shop every news channel is showing live yaar if this is real modi is fraud
handle handle handle . we indian are proud of having such a grnum pm. modi rocks in dubai
india proud of expatriates modi url
modi is taking a jibe on all his enemies hashtag
saudi nahi hai mere bhai,
handle handle modi ji first look after our own people, baad mein tamasha karna bahar jaakar,what about orop,vyapam, dramebaaz
sick of namos craziness in uae. it seems that no other news is around
best thing of every modi speech is that tatte pakad ke masal doonga part. url
rt handle dear handle pappu, your standup comedy shows will be bigger hit at world stage than modis rock shows. im damn sure. t
trust on each other is the most important thing in diplomatic relations narendra modi
target, num seats on next assembly elections? url
all mallus now would be chanting modi cheta hai hai
modi addressing the crowds in dubai i see here before me a miniindia
handle handle modi must have promised it but dont worry amit shah will confirm it as a jumla
rt handle jobs for youth, second green revolution in agriculture across india is our goal narendra modi
thank you mr. modi url
this is exactly why modi didnt visit any mosque in india. they create an issue on everything. url
u mean non returning indiansthen who will finance pm rockstar events url
handle handle handle congress was worst government for india with corruption of gandhi family please ignore them support modi
rt handle whenever i refer to our prime minister, i always say modiji never modi or namo! i must be a hashtag
handle anand sharma said before elections that modi does not know anything about foreign policy?
after watching pm modis powerful speech, there is only one sentiment resonating in every indian right now jai hind hashtag
thank you modi jee for visiting dubai and grand mosque there. i hope now many educated fools with mental (cont) url
world should think on the subject of terrorism mention by pm modi.
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit url hashtag hashtag
handle handle handle supreme court, nahi modi ne kaha , notice sent, all court is under modis super coat.
rt handle modi tells the world to take a stand on terror & himself failed to take a stand. hashtag url
along with arnab on newshour aah he is always angry hashtag url
highlights from pm modis speech in dubai url
modis make in india poverty and no democratic rights. hashtag
num population in india is below num years of age narendra modi ji hashtag
handle pm modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium
modi ji oratorical skills imbibes the dubai ites. for sure, image of our nation has build up internationally.
rt handle peoples love & respect numindia is above caste & religion.modi a force multiplier of dat love & respect. hashtag httpemoticon
rt handle hashtag modi arrives in dubai where he will address a gathering at dubai international cricket stadium
handle handle nobuse becz ppl who says hashtag dont want num c d progrss of d country by hashtag
looks like for a change hashtag url
handle i non secular muslim country agreeing to make a mandir is a victory of secularismits a gift for hindus in tht cntry not modi
numrtin dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror url prime minister narendra modi didnt
what a idea handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle url
rt handle hashtag christians call for reforms as prime minister modis offers empty promises url
rt handle so true ,, namo is a phenomena url
hehehe! the condition of so called secular people in india after modis visit to sheikh zayed mosque url
rt handle . handle sir, please mind the date before giving credit to modi hashtag url
rt handle live stream of hashtag address to dubais indian community. hashtag url
handle modi didnt visit hashtag hashtag for vote bank;as other political party leaders do in india.modi went as visiting dignitary
hashtag takes veiled swipe at hashtag over hashtag
my impression is, pm modi is deaf to petty criticism of his foes, keeping his cool, so as to achieve greater goalshashtag improve indian economy
handle handle or your hate for modi has made to blind towards national pride
handle oh hope even dubai wants namo as their pm wow what a man
congress sulking tonight, just like aussies were.
hashtag this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance pm hashtag url url
rahul gandhi jumps into it! url
rt handle when bae thinks she cracked a joke but forgots to add laughter track to it url
rt handle there is a difference bw powerful & popular (loveable) leader.
handle handle hope u knw ur morning tweet regarding the silence by modi
modi tweets on anything but never on gurdaspur udhampur border attacks vyapam sushma raje modi wil hv events outside india dramebaaz
handle handle drmoopen hz donated num percent o hz wealth numindian poor patients modi sud encourage dubai nri like him
handle still u had not learned, only blaming modi shows how much u r degraded & jealous of modi ultimately u & ur party will loose
handle awesome speech by namo. if there was a election for prime minister of asia, namo would have been a powerful contender. emoticon
hashtag burnol moment for farziwal n siculars. must be burning heart url
pm handle begins his speech with bharat mata ki jai amidst chants of modi modi!
narendra modi hitting fours & sixes in hashtag
travel travel travel and not bothered of us.
best moment for me, before namo speech crowd roared with vande matram hashtag handle
handle mam i m always supporter for aap even u left dis party but apna kaam pe concentrate karo n .kyn faltu modi ke piche pade ho
rt handle modi crown prince has pledged investments worth num,num crore.
who doesnt like hashtag may i know the reason! hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
rt handle muslims is isreal chanting modi modi
we want arabs to be friendly to hindu customs? then why shldnt modi wear the skullcap? url
yet another jugular magic by modi in dubai.words picked and crafted for loud cheers.hashtag extends to muslim world, kerala & spells biz
rt handle with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list prime minister narendra modis linkedln p url
pm modis speech at uae handle true idol
woah how the hell did modi manage to get uae to back india for the unsc permanent seat rto is this a hoax
marhaba namo dubai gives pm modi a rockstar welcome
rt handle yuvaitv the internet tv initiative from bjp url
handle hashtag [live now] narendra modi pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai url
and congis have the greatest event damager ever seen in hashtag. tom the loser url
rt handle hashtag are no fools,they know hashtag is real hashtag while hashtag is noor of eyes of his mummy alone
handle lage raho modi bhai road show karne wth ur amit sha bcause he is ur successor turn india innumgujarat only u num guys not advani old
rt handle the tallest building in the world burj khalifa, dubai to be lit in colour of indian flag tringaa. feeling proud. namo url
modi speech looks like sachin tendulkar straight drive today,
crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later url
. handle what you wish to sink in? hashtag or rss? handle handle
perfect timing! handle on handle and the muslim world. url
arab celebration with guns url
handle can modi practise the same or this is just a jumla to appease the sheikhs hashtag hashtag
there is a human tendencypeople love to hate! but when it over shadows their thinkingthen it becomes dangerous hashtag hashtag
handle hashtag motivation of speech in dubai very impressed num nris, madad helpline much helpful num nris,uae great honored our pm of india
aravindnsind url rt rjhaarika crowd chanting hashtag ! electrifying atmosphere
pm hashtag s twitter account is handle & it has num.num million followers.
handle if modi ji shifts then india will get their beef
rt handle modi is very distracting.
num ppl r getting crazy now
missing my indian colleagues in dubai who were staunch anti modi. would love to challenge them today
rt handle picnum modi giving speech on num august num !
handle delhi under dengue attack and highest in num years. hope you will not make delay in blaming modi. hashtag
pm modi expresses joy over the joint statement between india and the uae says it will foster ties in times to come
rt handle modi is playing with their minds hashtag
rt handle now this is potent stuff. url
(y) superb watching narendra modi live speech
rt handle modi our effort take india new hight. yes they give to bhakat chadi & cow urine for drink. kana get gold from gober. peop
i like the narendra modi video on url hashtag url via handle
share this video as much as you can let the haters hear url
modi in dubaiafter listening can only say he is the bestthe best .atleast he can speak n express india.
we want to solve issue peacefully by talking not by guns strong message from india,pm of guts
rt handle thangs to modi abu thhubhai will finally get a temble.
rt handle why is modi talking about rahul gandhi?
rt handle in gujarat, modi had promissed num lakh houses in numyears. only num houses were built till the end of num years. hashtag
hashtag har har modi ghar ghar modi. what an awesome energy he got, amazing, down to earth person.
more burning sensation for sickulars url
again my moment to say awwww ! pm modi gives credit to num.num crores indians for everything. such a humble person he is.
cong attacks modi on his legacy remarks in uae new delhi, aug num congress today attac url via handle
congress huhisase jyada ka to hum scam karte the
rt handle hashtag this is hashtag magic.thank u hashtag hashtag d true global leader handle url
possible bcoz modi has established himself as an avatar who stands tall. respected for his beliefs and integrity url
handle well come to hashtag and we wish you all the best hashtag hashtag
bsln lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals controversial businessman lalit modi, whose affairs url
watching live modi ji url
pm modi to speak to indians in dubai whilst in bangkok a blast outside a temple. is it co incidence or planned?
whoamodi induced a standing ovation for his highness crown prince in dubai stadium. awesome handlehandle
rt handle handle handle handle handle plz rt
handle modi has made a lot of trips. u r going to link all of dem to upcoming elections?
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi url hashtag zeenews
rt handle and sickular morons compare modi to hashtag handle and handle hashtag
people chanting modi modi, like he just defeated australia in middle of a dust storm
handle narendra modi the rockstar
hii gelathi proudkannadathi, want to get iphnumne num for free? please go check my binum. thx url
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora
truly world class leader india has ever had. url
mms was deemed unaware of goings on in his own office
rt handle independent india will be seen as post modi and premodi era in future. hashtag
narendra modis secret weapon url via handle
i liked a handle video url marhaba namo forward together hashtag
handle handle handle handle handle mr modi, did you now realise that dubai is not for muslims only as we claim india is
rt handle first media said why modi is not going to mosque ? now in uae media is asking why modi has gone to a mosque hashtag hashtag
ndtv have invited sanjaynirupam for spiting venom against pm handle and abhigyan pronouncing modis name with
the reception of handle in uae reminds me of a paki cabbie in dubai who had said yeh modi bada jabardast aadmi hai hashtag
rt handle modi has probably outgrown his passport to achieve slambook status. hashtag
rt handle for every statement of mr modi the sheikhs replied wallah wallah hashtag
rt handle thank you uae. handle handle handle handle handle handle handle hashtag hashtag ht
china bastard you killed our people. dont you see india?
handle these guys were says was modi modi modi
handle handle for modi, a self obsessed speech is more than reforms!
sharp attack by namo url
for all those who think modi is hated by some sections of society hashtag url
people chanting modi modi like he hit the ball over to pavilion vaise dhunai to congress ki hi ho rhi hai hashtag
india, uae agree to crack down on terrorism; modi takes dig atpak url url
these adarshliberals think modi is uniting hindus
rt handle very much looking forward to hashtag prime minister modis visit to the uk later this year.
why are modi haters turning into india haters? url
modi gave a memorable lecture in dubai thnks narendra modi
handle handle thank u sir num lot off love to our lovable modi
rt handle modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in num years. can congress deny the fact? tweet your views live on hashtag
this year in forbes magazine modi might be under num
hashtag, breathless wait for namo speech today. url
namo live indian ambassador hosts pm narendra modi at a community reception in dubai zee news zee newsliv url
handle handle shouldnt the iranians be hugging ns now that v played neutral,broke away from arabs and delivered them to modi
rt handle congress party raising senseless useless filthy unbenifitable to hindustani questions. no need to answer by bjp nda p
hashtag one rank one pension is modi government getting cold feet? the economic times url
rt handle dont want to spend on soldiers. want to spend on those who fund their election campaigns. url
handle yes why not modi a type of person they are easy lly accept all religion .,,,,,,,,,modi modi
on second thoughts, when bhakt handles troll me about islam next, im going to reply with this glowing endorsement from modi emoticon
rt handle pm call cook frm india sanjeev kapoor.salute num royalty of modi ji.doesnt think same num poor ppl.hashtag hashtag htt
dont flatter yourselves too much, hashtag is happy that hashtag is courting hashtag emoticon url
basic difference between a sevak & a shasak one earns for nation&the other one earns for family! proud of namo ji handle handle
rt handle here, the one rank one pension issue is explained in detail is modi government getting cold feet? url
admk women wing burns effigy of hashtag leader evks elangovan condemning his derrogative comment on hashtaghashtag meeting in hashtag hashtag
handle handle namo at dubai weak physically must take precautions congress power to corrupt extraordinary beware of drs in delhi
hashtag in hashtag and what a moment it is indians out in the heat welcoming handle handle a true hashtag url
this speech must feel like a speed boxing bag for pakistan. modi trolling pakistan bigtime.
rt handle i liked a handle video url pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
pm narendra modi reaches out to indian diaspora in dubai; announces madad economic times hashtag url
im not saying modi has done anything wrong. im just saying that the bjp hasnt done anything better than what congress did in num years.
rt handle handle handle handle hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now] http
google news ca modi addresses indian diaspora in dubai the hindu firstpostmodi addresses ind url hashtag hashtag
a tight slap to bhakts who believed in modi jumla. http
handle no need to appeal pm modi for orop from any opposition party leaders. on num august pm has assured to apply at earliest.
modis ideas r cool, but he shd put those in action too. then everybody will believe that this all can b possible hashtag
handle handle does present govt have courage to even point their finger on modi pls dont humiliate your self
live modi in uae indians in dubai epitome of hard work, says pm
handle narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai intl cricket stadium. hashtag url
with present economical trend of dubai & indias growth with modi, this might turn around in few yrs rtp hashtag url
uae prince i will invest num.num cr in india
its an open stadium and a sultry num degrees. crown is not feeling any of it, overwhelmed by modis charisma
breaking num eminent journalists write to supreme court to stop broadcast modis speech & it may impact on congress chances to reduce to num
hashtag desperation would make hashtag and hashtag laugh in there hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle you are praising namo? who hacked your account?
google m is marshmallow. dont know if its a code name while bhakts try to get it renamed as modi to prove hes so sweet.
rt handle my respect is the respect to the indians living here, and to indias changed image narendra modi ji hashtag
so the modi circus rolls into my town. this is one prime minister whose email would always be on autoresponder awol! hashtag hashtag
handle thats y u r ignorant. u tell me anti modi thn whoms favour.
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag what a speech url
only modi can spread joy in this way. meets labourers and clicks pics with them now heading to stadium with modi modi chants hashtag
hashtag roaring in dubai
rahul kanwal on indiatoday tv loses count of numbers, say, half a million attended modis meeting! hmmone understands the enthusiasm
only pm modi has courage to talk about terrorism in an islamic country. no good terrorism or bad terrorism ,straight message to dawood too.
what a mesmerising speech by the pm at dubai .u can hire a stadium but not the crowd .modi baiters wake up n smell the coffee. good show pm.
please explain why? cc handle handle modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament
rt handle rt handle hashtag narendra hashtag touring hashtag research labs! hashtag url http
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag i told u guys to be proactive, like what modi did in dubai, image is everything for us
hashtag pm modis dubai speech key highlights url
what the fuckity fuck is this? url
handle our previous prime ministers inciting atal jee were noy as free as modi ji . had better things to do in india .
rt handle pm not wearing skull capdressed up in saffronn people chanting modi modiislam is in danger hashtag
men are from mars & women are from venus.
rt handle but here will u enjoy no skull capno head coveringselfie)) url
handle very good namo sir
rt handle handle har cheez ki khabar rakhteho aap modi wave is only media created wave
rt handle people who question hashtag wave need num see what respect he gets in the world! namo can make india reach where no one can i
so is dawood being welcomed by modi.
hashtag in hashtaghats off. neighbors envy, owners pride
madam, your address please. id like to send you a crate of burnol and a flower bouquet. thought you might need it after modis dubai show.
spent time with indian workers at the icad residential city. pm narendra modi url
modi universe > wwe universe.
the wait for the indian prime minister narendra hashtag at the hashtag cricket stadium hashtag url
hashtag brings back the memories and the excitement we felt to hear namo in us
uae has given a strong message against terrorism from this land today pm modi hashtag url
when modi is in power, presstitutes, and url
rt handle true. many need burnol today. hashtag url
worlds best insurance salesman shri narendra modi, prime minister of india.
handle modi is our last hope , khuda na khasta , if failed then there will be nothing , nothing to be feel great or proud about num
modi is killing it. whatever you say about the man, his confidence is top notch!
perfect msg for each modi baiter url
pm modi begins his address to thousands of people gathered at the dubai cricket stadium amid loud cheer url
no names, but pm modis dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didnt mention pakistan, but url
good point, modi. there are num flights between india and the uae and it took num years for an indian prime minister to visit.
modi is aptly using the time till num when rs elections are due he knows very well that until that point of time, url
namo in dubai hashtag hashtag feeling awesome
hashtag tricolour flying high in uae marhaba namo
those who use bombs and guns will never benefit you or others or humanity narendra modi ji hashtag
dubai num aug num the crown prince of url
hashtag woos hashtag, says india has $num trillion investment potential
rt handle ed seals lalit modis company accounts in singapore india today url
there are num flights between hashtag & hashtag but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi url
hashtag ever seen such a charishma in your life handle
what a speech of modi ji in dubai its awesome
petition to tn govt against tn cong prez evks elangovan for sexist remark against modi and jj url via handle
dont compare rahul pappu with statesman namo
rt handle big blow to seculars. pm modi with saffron scarf without scull cap in mosque url hashtag
you cant see modi happy! you cant see resident indians happy! you cant see non resident indians happy! bc what kind of liberal are you
modis dubai speachdubai is not the only audience. message is for the entire world of indias emerging super power stature.
modi ji, for aap, cong, sp, tmc, bsp, amim, cpim only last ray of hopp is muslim vote bank. please do not steel it from us like a coward.
rt handle forget about indian media and their bitch pangs. read here how the workers were elated about pm modi visiting them
rt handle the dubai stadium has hosted num odis and num modi.
handle lots of program started by modi sarkar you also even know but as i said have patience everything gonna be alright
rt handle et commentary pm modis independence day speech exhibits a disturbing distance from reality url
that power is called hashtag, you dumbo!
handle till date num odis happened here. now its one mega odi (modi). unbelievable.
rt handle merely for one lalit modiissue than to fight for their promise to deliver special status to fifty million seemandhra
he keeps doing it again n again n again super hashtag salute hashtag hashtag
land num swaminarayan temple was given in num. modi unaware
handle who said india did not get anything from modi ? entertainment entertainment & entertainment handle handle
many can gather people in their local region , but modi can gather num ppl on the foreign land , its not something easy task hashtag
rt handle lol where are those who said if modi becomes pm, aag lag jayegi! hashtag url
namo cloud cover the uae
handle handle handle who is behind namo victory in centre.is congress lost due to asad factor? kindly dont be so nieve!
pm modi says time has come for the people of the world to unite against terrorism hashtag
rt handle handle secondly, if modi is numst pm to visit uae in num yrs, how its belatedly? thirdly, meeting countrymen politics?
why let facts come in the way of a good propaganda? url
when i was selling tea,couldnt get even one rupee modi num indian diaspora
i am proud indian to be in modified age. temple . talk on terror. investment. entire dubai chanting modi modi
thats num billion dollarsmind boggling figure its modi magic
those who doubt the fealty of a particular community shud actually watch marhaba namo
im pure vegetarian myself. can understand why modi ji does so. stop outrage on food. ffs ! url
in one dinner, modi make jihadi eat pure veg! imagine what happen if namo shift there and eat with them for rest of life! hashtag
handle handle nothing more to expect from a muslim modi hater.
glimpses of pictures as num,num crowd greets narendra hashtag chants marhaba modi hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle twitters third law of trending for every hashtag of namo, there would be equal and opposing hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag steers both critics & supporters; both behaving hysterically cynical, numst on modis motive & later on critics motive.
rt handle handle handle today dawood will be traveling along with modi at delhi airport he shall be arrested good move
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi
pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic url hashtag hashtag
handle saar what is this you singing praises to modi now rtp
rt handle breaking num eminent journalists write to supreme court to stop broadcast modis speech & it may impact on congress cha
rt handle the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism or perpetrators of t
num things to know about smart city masdar, inspired by ancient city of cairo prime minister naraendra modi to url
rt handle handle handle
handle and you need help. go get it. watch modi speeches on the loop till you achieve puberty
why doesnt this joker become campaign manager for modi or not even good enough for that url
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal url sps
modi speaking at dubai i felt so happy to see a mammoth crowd over num people full house dubai cricket stadium url
pm narendra modi condemns shrine bomb blast in bangkok the indian express url
ye modi ka trend faltu me ho rha isko htao
dtn india pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic o url
the overflowing amount of enthusiasm and hope, modi injects is like amazing. true leader. hashtag
rt handle hashtag hashtag spending tax payers money on hashtag in search of hashtag handle url
that smile says it all url
watching marhaba namo
pm narendra modi to leave for delhi, shortly. hashtag url
uae also got modified url
rt handle all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to any
rt handle hashtag there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here. hashtag hashtag
handle handle only solid news till date. but with everything modi may very well remain on paper after sucking every bit of pr from.
today modi made my day
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp via handle url
handle defence ppl do not read khaleez times,a small report on inside pages photoshopped as headline of newspaper wrt modi visit
this man can give the biggest actors on the planet some tough competition. hashtag at his best url
rt handle dear handle, best not to editorialise headlines without context. url
breaking news pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday re url handle
u turn on every thing
all news channels suspend their primetime telecasts & showing handle live hashtag hashtag. modi deeply engages uae crowd.
rt handle wonder how many modi hateing nris will use madad portal in time of need!
rt handle modi rocks in dubai, people cheering with thunderous claps repeatedly.
handle handle handle do you see corruption in hashtag, hashtag etc.dont bother.modi isnt friendlynum gandhis anyway
rt handle modi flashes and flashes it hard ravi shastri
rt handle dubai has a magnetic attraction for all people across the world narendra modi
a impressive speech by narendra modi ji in dubai .you just cant miss it url
handle these transgression occur because lac isnt clearly marked in that area. is modi responsible for that too ?
pm hashtag modi uae decided to invest num.num lakh cr in india
hashtag absolutely packed to the brim. handle is scheduled to appear in num hr hashtag hashtag url
handle handle handle this one is for all u bahashtag url
due to narendra modi first time in history,dubai roared bharath matha ki jai
rt handle feel hashtag jis hashtag or event guys need software url year & more,repetitive events,change venue and sam
whats going on? pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in url get leads > url
by appeasing numof minorities politicians choked a powerful nationalist voice agnst terorsm directed at india by pak
standing ovation for crown prince of abu dhabi says pm modi for allocation of temple land hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
handle and it is clear that modi cant leave politics any where in this world
have no clue why namo travels abroad rather than solving infrastructural & red tape problems in india. fdi will flow url
pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights url
handle handle handle handle handle govt role modi pressurised sbi he himself present there for loan
get over yourself handle url
rt handle recall the hype when modi ji made coffee for his friend barrack. how far did that tectonic shift take india?
consecutive nums and nums from narendra modi at dubai cricket stadium.
when it rains in india, people in dubai open their umbrellas to protect us modi.
if read already pl share
factor in pop growth, do the math.
narendra modi ,first indian pm to visit uae in num years pm to adress num,num indian diaspora shortly.
rt handle modi in dubai music and dance events going on url url
a great leader to influence people across the globe thats only mr.modi jihashtag
narendra modi message to pakistanfight terror or be isolated
rt handle hashtag will prove to be more popular in hashtag than in hashtag,it is my personal take url
rt handle madison capital says given to understand that lalit modi enjoys mandate to sell sahara hotels handle
modi cant give subsidies to poor people. he give life corporate people.
aap in overdrive the moment modi speech ended. as usual, high on hatred, low on substance. theyre worse than congress hashtag
rt handle burnol to hashtag
the only (neighboring) nation hashtag hasnt directly addressed is hashtag samajhdar ko ishara kaafi hai this is not appreciated hashtag sir
handle sir now this is the level veterans have stooped to now. how can we respect such thing url
rt handle pathetic egotrip and selfapplauding by indian pm modi on foreign soil. he does it everytime. handle url
rt handle crux of modis uae visit in real estate
love him or hate him but every tweetiya tweets once in the day about hashtag
muslims are chanting modimodi in dubai, they did same in china too. as i always say indian muslims are my pride hashtag hashtag
hashtag are no fools,they know hashtag is real hashtag while hashtag is noor of eyes of his mummy alone
handle handle modi speaking about planning to launch a common satellite for the welfare of hashtag countries
modi is addressing the nation again today hashtag
modi in dubai live num nris to gather at dubai cricket stadium for indian url via url
excellent speach jay sree modi
if india has leaders like modi ji than i am proud to be an
handle cumondont link everything wid modi.thailand is a big country wid huge issues of its own
rt handle pm handle begins his speech with bharat mata ki jai amidst chants of modi modi!
handle woaahh welcome in all language.
handle from a bhakt (modis) to another (sonias). get a f*cking life lady.
what a sham is us democracy that refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo url
rt handle live pm modi addresses indian community in dubai, says hes witnessing miniindia url
handle have digestion problem on modi program in dubai anchor saying he dont know there is rangarang program in dubai what is special
handle white girl with modi in black dressand black kid with modi in white dress. something fundamentally wrong. hashtag
handle let onion prices cross num , modi has no concern for price rise, his concern is progress of adani for which frequent foreign tours
rt handle can anybody point out the legitimate justification for helping lalit modi in the supposedly must watch speech of minis
rt handle pm modi says i am witnessing a small india in dubai today hashtag
rt handle i want to thank uae for backing indias demand for a permanent seat in un security council pm modi
rt if you also got goosebumps when namo said bharat mata ki and num people together shouted jai hashtag
handle handle <both u got hate modi syndrome and desperate for some miracle to fulfill your wish of bring down modi
you may now kiss modi url
* at uae banquet, modi looks for falafel but is served routine gujarati fare.
handle handle u ppl cant handle sarcasm, iq required num tht.look thr r empty chairs,who said modi is famous url
rt handle hashtag numbn infra investment fund setup hugepm modis dream of hashtag will get impetus now.
hashtag prime minister narendra modi to reach out to the arab world url hashtag
handle and this would definitely interest you url
paid tweets for defaming modi.
modi the mesmeriser woos the crowd with such ease that it appears as if he is weaving a magic wand & they are all hypnotised.
hashtag live from dubai
terrorism, uae investment in india, digs at pak key takeaways from pm modis dubai speech url url
handle madam, modis charisma is unparalleled. look at the crowds that come to hear him, even in india.
when someone shakes my hand, they dont see me, they see num.num billion people.~hashtag
this is what haunts the adarsh hashtag url
strong message to world and pakistan on terror by namo in dubai
congress deeply disappointed that modi doesnt speak on vyapam in dubai hashtag hashtag
the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as an emigrant portal pm modi in dubai
here is air india num coming in from abu dhabi http
rt handle what about retired jawans? orop will pay officers well, not their juniors. all protestors belonged to senior ranks. ht
handle handle handle now bjp pm modi should stop communal politics by the lesson of gift of temple in land of mosques
indragandhi post marks are pay the way narendra modi.&indias name all overthe world waved in led agitation.
rt handle num days of silence to all experts who thought tht bilateral ties with d middle east wud take a hit if modi becomes th
modi has to address in malayalam, the national language of middle east
no space for gud terrorismbad terrorism.either with terror or without terror.isolate those who backs terror.hashtag namo
rt handle ipl is the centre of kala dhan in india. lalit modi is a symbol of black money in the country
apt description of hashtag antics! url
modi ji should show some courage to withdraw salary and perks received by mps during a non productive session of parliament
gnum work mr. modi url
raga is a voting machine for modi
rt handle handle handle handle handle remarkable speech by namo which also focused our problems, namo a
one must give credit to pm modi. he knows how to catch the attention of the people through his speech hashtag
preciousnumminswasted handle handle handle handle handle rty hashtag no scalpcap?
who is your favorite person you havent met yet? (not movie stars) mine is handle (erm yeah not modi)
handle uae has promised an investment of num.num lakh crore in india pm hashtag url url
rt handle live blogging modi second time in num days. karma? url
started emigrate portal to address problems of indian pm hashtag url url
for sure we remember how nepal and myanmar snubbed india big time after the chest thumping stunts by modi govt. continues bragging in dubai.
watching live show of or strong prime ministers mega event which rocks d family of peace loving world.
so what let modi ji enjoy dont be so negative fool handle url
latest live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi hindustan times hindusta url hashtag
my heartily condemn for them url
political islamic goondi handle oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm rightno need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.
pm narendra modis independence day speech august num url
live on hashtag modi speech in dubai url
this what we call modi magic historic movment from dubai url
uae govt. allocating land to build a temple is nothing less than a history
handle handle i was wondering what modi brings which electrifies ! it is the unique sense of pride which he brings to each indian !
modi meets indian communities in uae
dubai stadium swarmed by people for modis speech
this crowd proves that muslims hv no problem with modi, its the congress that want to make it sound like he is their dushman hashtag
scared to imagine india without namo.
rt ndtv pm modi addresses a num,numstrong indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium. url url
this is our namo handle .have u seen such a pm in your lifetime.i bet noooooooo hashtag url
rt handle our modi is nothing short of a rockstar either! rtd url
they should not be given state protection, funeral and made head of government. handle url
rt handle youth icon seasoned statesman market mover marhaba namo. hashtag url
rt handle latest pm narendra modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb economic times mo url
handle it was decided in num that the temple will be built in abu dhabi so how modi ji has arranged it with uae govt? jumla sarkar
hashtag message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit url
modi handshake leaves workers speechless
handle handle handle modi chose dubai num show num the world he s above religions& not averse num muslims, a stigma congres thrust on him
rt handle no matter wat the orator in hashtag is enough to keep you spellbound wat a public speaker hashtag
hope u dnt melt watching hashtag there will b many many many such events.hope u last lol hashtag url
after listening of mr modis speech in dubai feeling proud.
rt handle the man deserves to be our pm.
palit namo kay handle ,guys! lami jod url
crown prince of uae has decided to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india hashtag
handle handle hashtag congress can not digest the fact that they forgot to enhance the relationship with uae but modi could do.
pm modi says indian community welfare fund started to help indians under duress hashtag
pm to kbhi masjid jaate hi nhi
pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast in bangkok the economic times on mobile url
times now says modis dubai debut they should add the word acting to debut. spreading jumla in the uae. hashtag hashtag
hashtag visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque by pm modi is an aspect of the bihar poll url
rt handle nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai url url
our pm modi is rocking in dubai as always
now surya namaskar is played in marhaba namo
hashtag modi addressing indian community at dubai international cricket stadium
jai hindjai bharat. url
rt handle hashtag listening to modi speak is like binge drinking.the only inevitability that follows his fake euphoria is a misera
modi visits num countries in num months prime minister narendra modi has visited num countries in the last num mo url
modi will bring flood of entertainment hashtag
modi is living legend, a world leader.
modi is the first hashtag pm who talks bad about former govts and his own countrymen like motherinlaw talks abt their daughterinlaw
so my friends right on the news that last numdays lots of influx of keralite relatives in uae url
why pm modis twoday trip to uae underlines the story of new delhis neglect url hashtag url
handle sickulars would be quingnow in iin to get new ideas to attack modi.
rt handle this is not crowd for world cup match or any concert, this is a crowd showing their love for pm modi. hashtag url
yes ,just he called shekh hasina as bangladesh president url
rt handle when leaders shake hand wd me dy dont see modi dy see num.numcr ppl but sir ie bcz of ur stature handle handle
tivranum rt draksbond hashtag this is the modi magic. aaptards enough of burnol now u guys apply zhand url
rt handle you nailed it url
best men the narender modi
rt handle you are those people who have worked hard & are working here for many years; at the same time you are enhancing hashtag
support for unsc seat
unfortunately our presstitutes and tv media dont want to project the reality they are only busy getting the trps url
the prime minister, shri narendra modi addressing the nation on the occasion of numth independence day from url
when modi said,kuchh logon ko takleef hota hai,congis,aaptards, hashtag n pak got confused hashtag handle handle
feku goes to uae but not to iraq to get d num hostages held by is since last one yr.it is left to poor sushma but shes busy wid chotta modi.
the indian community in dubai says marhaba (welcome) namo with a grand welcome hashtag url
handle handle sorry modi time right now
rt handle online platform called madad to connect indian diaspora around the world pm narendra modi hashtag url
handle if modi cut out his frivalous abroad tours, we would have by now closed the hashtag chapter
rt handle land grab and collateral damage by corporates. hashtag raj is company raj hashtag url
yesi am proud of modi and my country
kejri he came, he conned
narendra modi is only man who can release you from saudi jail.so first beg in front of him. handle
rt handle modi stand for
hashtag india is honored to have a prime minister like mr modi ! he will fulfil all his promises in the due course!we have faith in him!
et tech and gadgets pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin. url hashtag hashtag
a new relationship between india and u.a.e i would like modi
handle handle good modi ji you are proving that modi means man of developing india
the curious case of modibaiters landing up in controversies url handle
india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit massage to pakistan?
temple will be built in abu dhabi, government will allocate land soon.
handle handle all in modi government
handle handle i think modi should play positive role with pakistan
rt handle blow to modi!
an arab habibi with a pooja ki thaali. even muslims outside india are not safe under modis rule. smh. url
handle handle hashtag now realise how muslims treat their guests who ever he is.
two minutes silence for those
rt handle todays modis speech gave shivers to two. num) pakistan
abe tu ab sach me degree dikha! ch** pm url
read, modi trip will only be complete when he drive car with a lion as copassenger. idiots there cant be two lions in a car.
handle excellent and timely article on mr.modis uae visit
can we find our modis iq level through rti?
modi is indias visiting pm .
love him hate him cant ignore modi url
proved wrong sorry, anand sharma completely got exposed of his rowdiness+ weakness! url
rt handle the way the world looks at india has changed today pm hashtag url url
there is no match for modi jee on ,television. hashtag
rt handle credit must be given to our pm modi url
falls in pakistan. hashtag
a gift dedicated to modis mother.hats off akbar saheb hashtag url
save faith and constitution movement was launched by all india muslim personal law board(aimplemoticon today url
rt ndtv more than num,num nonresident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium url
handle hashtag pm modi live at dubai cricket stadium watch here> url
all narendra modi government yojanasschemes url url
hashtag namo rocks in dubai. power pack performance.
rt handle just cause the gig is happening at a cricket stadium, do they have to dress like cheerleaders? hashtag url
ete extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modis image exongc chief rs sharma criticisin url
rt handle pm hashtag talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium. follow live url
handle hashtag handle
namo is not a persona phenomena representing nearly num years of rss work it will take some more years to sink in))
rt handle we are investing already. can someone help get the bureaucracy out of the way? cc handle url
modi mitron *crowd screams*
handle handle modi sir,thank you for your visit. good night
whether you agree with his ideology or you dont, but you cant deny the fact that modis oratory skills are godmode!
rt handle handle hashtag inside solar powered car in hashtag city near abu dhabi
as if modi doesnt already have enough of mps. madam, work on words selection. frustration clearly visible. url
handle he is meeting kindred spirits hashtag should go north korea next and complete the narcissistic psychopathic world leaders tour
temple in uae ! hatzz off modi ji handle
rt handle the way modi ji works num*num, youngsters half of his age cant match numth of his energy. truly he is a divine personality!
for num years, no indian pm thought about visiting a country that is home to more than num million indians. modi url
handle money can help you hire stadium.but money cant inject enthusiasm audience.those who cant see this are blinded by hate num hashtag
miss razdaan disscussing her highly controversial leaders marhaba namo show
modi sir we expect more from u in regard of education
no leder f any country hs evr raised isue of terorism in public adres on foreign soil that too in islamic nation bt modi has handle
rt handle america has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but modi haters be still so angry and unable to let go of the
is modi ji the most popular pm we ever had?may be yes.in spite of all the recent controversies with bjp.but people still trust modi ji
rt handle modi tells the world to take a stand on terror & himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in one yea
rt handle modi hashtag hashtag hashtag now talking about num*num electricity in num years . url
hashtag handle burns. burn more u cunt! url
rt handle whether it be imf or world bank, all ranking institutions have said india is growing at the fastest pacehashtag hashtag
rt handle nris and ris mostly are very optimistic about modi and his governance. therefore, rnis (residentnonindians) are feelin
handle i thought u d analyze namo speechanyways gn
rt handle while num people died in bangkok, the whole shebang of marhaba namo is being blasted across the indian channels. indian media
people in the stadium were shouting modi modi after every single sentence
num,num indians paid to see modi, a good sum of malayalees toobut modi would need a few more adanis to make mallus vote bjp
handle absolutely. url
i am expecting indian labourers to lead a much better life style in uae after modis dubai visit.
hashtag how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it si url
we were successful in rejuvenating saarc pm hashtag url url
modi says,samajhne wake samajh jaye wake up , manur scared to take pakistans name on arab soil? lol hashtag
pm modis dubai speech key highlights url
thats modi effect url
pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium at around numrtnum tonight.
watching live telecast of namo from dubai, what a respect from foreign country still people are asking his secularity
rt handle numk indians at a cricket ground in icc headquarters. ek cricket match to banta hai. modi vs crown prince friendly karwa do koi.
rt handle many people wish many things, sab sach thodi ho jaata hai. like i wish you are transported to pakistan.
has modi ever asked you to visit the temples in india ?
rt handle long suspected madam didnt blow entire ammunition against modi. retained some for rainy days. url
what an innocence modi ji. num muslims were killed by you in gujrat innocently.killings kashmiris innocently?
rt handle no indian primeminister on an overseas visit has ever created such euphoria & attention for india as pm modi has done sinc
our most influencing star modi url
and modi rocks uae as well
now everyone have to agree that actually bandea mai dam hai
lalit modi to help fund sahara chief subrata roys release from jail? url
rt handle why does modi have to go to other coutries to see bollywood dances? why not see it in bollywood itself? hashtag hashtag
handle modi jees visit or no visit to mosques must not be politicised.gud relations with uae will benefit people of india mainly muslims
hashtag tom vadakan is highly intelligent to finds lots of gaps in modi in uae. why he failed with his wisdom when cong was in power?
handle handle namo check the dna of some of his party colleagues instead of giving suggestions num nitish kumar n other political party
handle handle congratulations sir, appreciating effort of capture the event welcome namo
bjp sent their cadre num years back to uae to welcome modi today. hashtag hashtag
modi is being welcomed in dubai with kalaripayattu and the violin? lol why?
modi top priority should be to develop the eastern and northeastern parts of the country.
dont trust me but just visit url modi ji was talking about n just see what will you find.
motivational speech of respected narendra modi.in uae.gn.
do watch pm narendra modi in dubai cricket stadium live on dd news numrtnum pm hashtag hashtag
modi takes his usual election rally drama to west asia. hashtag
rt handle hashtag hashtag pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
the nation former pms avoided is greeting modi as none other did& filling the num yrs void,be envious congi and hashtag hashtag
hashtag modi ji when will you come to kuwait? we are waiting for your visit to kuwait.
modi means make in india. url
hats of to our pm modi ! every visit he does he gets back something for the country !
rt handle nice read sir handle educate, dont appease,& why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world url
modi is the only pm who has gone to uae and congress is till crying bcoz they couldnt hashtag
handle modi can use this aircraft to plunder round the world handle handle handle
usually people go like this to see their favourite num players performing but this is just for one man hashtag url
rt handle let me remind u guys,u can have difference in opinion but if u r abusing hashtag then basically u are insulting our own
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae g url hashtag
handle man of dynamic intelligence modi. it is start of new era.
rt handle today modi ji ruined prime time of news channels hashtag
hashtag pm handle is addressing huge crowd in dubai, crowd goin berserk ,hashtag
rt handle .handle modi sure made a big deal about it. (his most popular tweet by rtsfavs in recent timesfor a reason) url
its miserable to see indians who still mocks and alleges modi for being anti islam or anti muslim. an islamic url
handle dawood is heavily invested in uae
handle a lot of countries do have to bend over backwards to welcome and accommodate our namo. not that it is a bad thing. (num)
namo thanks for the new year wishes in malayalam and thanq for making india proud again after madison speech. watching news
rt handle num crore indians source of power pm modi num cr totally illiterate num cr cant afford school & num cr functionally illitera
only sachin tendulkar can give such brilliant type of performance by narendra modi hashtag hashtag
east or west handle is the best proud calling you my pm . url
modi knows how to put up a show and a damn good one at that.
handle mr modi u should advise this num ur mentor rss who is behind communal violence in india
sri modi is the grater mane
hashtag modi is a leader without compare
modi ji seems to have lost some weight. hashtag
every party saying modi is good organizer or playing card for electn. if it is so, thn y thy are sleeping from last num years hashtag
handle handle crowd gathering fr an event may be entertainment value & modi is entertainer dont know if he carries conviction
go die you fools at handle handle handle
yongia lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit url
rt handle a mini india is here in front of me pm modi at dubai cricket stadium. hashtag
rt handle handle i have already commented on mr modis great oratorical skills; its a rarity today.
rt handle pm modi holds talk with uae crown prince url hashtag
modi should also make sure they flush the toilets url
handle super. everyone in the world like modi. modi is ultimate. no matching to him in the world.
handle his critics have a point. where is the modi wave url
handle modi sir i proud of
narendra modis speech only pisses two
rt handle can u see the similarities.those protesting for orop behaving like hashtag.still on roads after modi assured in front of
congress should see how muslims are cheering on modis speech they should learnnow please dnt do communal politics .
hashtag congress scared of modis success.trying everything to stop bjp.shame on the oldest party.
how pm narendra modis uae visit offers a new strategic edge to indias middle east policy this trip was not url
handle if u want to do big person then u must be good relationship with neighbour and other as like modi sir do
handle any journalist asking owaisi about namo is a mischief in itself.
news alert world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says pm modi.
outside india narendra modi is a rockstar his charm is unmatchable.
handle handle if modi ji goes into mosque what will haphappen
namo is a real visionary hashtag
rt handle her moroniness . born hashtag url
rt handle on issues like terrorism, ceasefire violations, vyapam, chikkiscam, ricescam & orop, modi has maintained silence. hashtag
handle so you bhakt contradict your numst tweet that modi brought in num billion. priceless idiot. now shut up
hashtag govt of india has launched an emigrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi hashtag url
this time modi great work in dubai
rt handle outside india narendra modi is a rockstar his charm is unmatchable.
check your algorithm !
they r just not rotten but smelling foul &filthybeyond limits url
my skin is falling off modi requesting people to stand up & congratulate dictator ruler of dubaifor giving place for a temple hashtag
hashtag modi modi modi heard it? proud to be an indian.
hashtag hashtag hashtag how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent hap url hashtag hashtag
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai at num.num pm num developments
will mete out same treatment to cpi n aap.
i forgive narendra modi. he has got rs num.num lakh crore into the indian economy and no prime minister has done that in num years. indian.
namo laying rules of game with pakistan from uae.
handle are you gonna meet pm modi in dubai?
rt handle balloons released after hashtag speech hashtag url
hashtag narendramodi. marhabba namo after nepal japan china usa now you rocks in dubai. proud to have pm lik u
handle maam you are not listening to modi? jhumlas pe jhumlas pel rahe hain
rt handle drinking game take a shot each time modi speaks about himself in third person
opposition must wait till num
pakistanis are smart.only fool is handle who fools hindus smartly. url
handle in fact whatever trp he has is also centred around modi only handle e
modi managed to isolate pak even among arab nations who today becoz of is are as wary of terrorists as we are.
the cynics summary of modis too achievements. url
namo in dubai. really surprised to know that no pm visited uae in num years. but kerala cms & other ministers go num times to middle east
visuals from modis event. where are those who said if modi becomes pm, aag lag jayegi! url
rt handle modi tells the world to take a stand on terror, he himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in
uae is a magnate which attracts indians from all parts the country. it attracts the entire world now pm modi hashtag
now, modi started doing marketing without mba.
paradigm change in middle east attitudes to india bravo namo hashtag
building toilets is not enough.modi needs to take them by the finger.probably even flush later. url
pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat latest news & updates at url
modi addresses thousands of indian expats at dubai cricket stadium url etribune, business
rt handle numpm hashtag hashtag paks sphere of influence punctured. courting its friends, cornering pak. modi turns tables o
via handle congress flays modi on pakistani shelling in border areas new rtthe congress on monday sai url
rt handle modi government plans major push for solar pv
pm hashtag talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium. follow live url hashtag
rt handle wow! what a fare! url
goondaraj in politics spearheaded by encounter specialist bjp enforced by bjp allies
watching arnab goswami wait and watch on namo in uae
rt handle interesting read. hashtag handle handle handle handle handle handle handle httpsemoticon
handle handle can the muftkhor fake gandhi even come anywhere near how namo speaks.even with chit,cheat cant speak handle
only bjp followers url
handle look how people twist this matter! disgusting.
handle namo good night
pressitutes & jealous opposition aftr a month kahan hai development? kaha aya pesa?
subramanian swamy writes to modi, blames ed chief of scuttling probe in national herald case url
watch iima or international indian modi academy awards live here url
time pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast in bangkok economic times new delhi prime minister url
media may actually support modi next time too. whenever he tours, they get a trip too. hashtag
government launches portal madad to redress consular grievances
adding glorious tag num our country india url
he then went to siachen and lied to those serving soldiers who operate under the worst conditions in the world url
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modinahyan talks, uae to back the indian express
ild say to those ppl who say tht modi is only touring plz watch today speech given in uae u ll come to knw what is he doing hashtag modi.
handle u r right. i was waiting num some announcement regarding welfare of people working there. grt anouncements. gud job done namo
revealed modi dint visit uae for foreign relations, he went their to start off bjps kerala campaign! emoticon
hashtag consider seeing narendra a wet dream my! they sure have moved on from their usual sunny leone! rtd url
modi rocks in dubai. thanks crown prince for templebuilding. handle
naredra damodar das modi biggest political show man of world
excellent causewe treat diff abled people like crapurl
rt handle modi to dubai indians never apologize for having high standards.
pm narendra modi interacts with indian workers at icad residential city in abu dhabi the india time news url
pakistan cricket boards
provided by his advisers url
rt handle prime minister narendra modi said india was proud of expatriate indians settled and working in the uae
handle handle handle or, when there is leader as tall as modiji i dont see anyone even in western nations
news update lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals url
cudnt agree more bro! url
rt handle handle well, handle is playing it live saw muslims in crowd cheering modi modi sickulars are contemplating suic
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation abu dhabi, aug num (ians) in a move signalli url
rt handle this will go a long way and modi can earn genuine appreciation. this is needed. way too much exploitation. url
hashtag excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora at numrtnum pm hashtag url
num indian people live in uae@thay support to pm modi and happy to meet him***
great speech sir modi ji.i am sure as long as you are there every citizen of india is secure and india will achieve its dream hashtag
get full when whole pakistan
dubai stadium half packed hours before modis speech url url
media(presstitutes) need cash to write about pms achievements.they used to get funds from upa & not nda.handle url
marhaba namo welcome narendra modi function at dubai live in janam tv from num pm ist onwards pm is expected url
handle this is the moment for indians! perhaps numst time after gandhis demise!long live modi.
modi govt to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people url good thoughtful initiative
hashtag for all hashtag with humongous response what our respected pm handle has got hashtag url
looking forward like anything to namos selfie at burj khalifa
remember this after num ) url
rt handle list of u turns taken by modi sarkaar till date. hashtag url
maverick modi enthralling dubai audience. great preparation but no script. making it sound like a spontaneous dialog. hashtaghashtag
hashtag we dont look at nris passport color, blood color is enough for us modi in dibai
if you want to bring investment in india then we need good salesman you want pm like modi.you can like him or dislike but cant ignore
rt handle modi in dubai live indian prime minister begins his address url
handle u get and publish mainly such news journalism of courage))))) url yes sir, journalism of courage!
yes, modi is responsible for all the unemployment and poverty. in congress rule all these people were working and extremely rich.
hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united url
rt handle now hashtag will have nightmares hashtag hashtag url
someone plz stop modi molestation is big crime in uae emoticon hashtag
rt handle with the number of indians in uae, i wont be surprised if many people asked pm modi to carry parcels for their relatives.
handle its s legitimate question, beside modi wasting his time, in uae. they will always be with pak
rt handle modi in uae pm to address indian diaspora in dubai shortly url
congress flays modi on pakistani shelling in border areas new delhi, aug num (ians) the congress on monday said url
but the rule of uae are strong
rt handle watching namo live in dubai !
handle modi is a leader cum marketeer cum motivator cum executor cum visionary all encapsulated into num. hashtag handle
with that speech by pm modi in dubai, pakistan felt as betrayed as their ex who is now in a relationship with his worst enemy.
modi sir is youth icon
handle i hope narendra modis visit significantly helps in improving the lives of poor indian laborers in uae hashtag [num]
rt handle very great news now burj khalifa also welcome and honour pm modi ji hashtag url
crowd chanting hashtag ! hashtag hashtag url
the hindu=supporter of sickulars.
rt handle watch it live
genuine koshen why didnt our intellectuals write to islamic countries to reject visa to modi? handle or handle do anynum know
ndtv packed stadium erupts into modi ,modi chants during his speech in dubai url url
.handle there is no other country with such breathtaking plurality at the highest level of leadership url
hashtag pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice url
fastest developing country in the world is india narendra modi hashtag
@ the world wait to hear youyou are great modi sir
and you must be thinking that these informed nris should never become influential, as they are not affected by msm. url
lalit modi, a quick learner is now extending to sahara subrata the humanitarian help, the art, he has learnt from his family friend sushma
more than num thousand people url
rt handle love him hate him you cant ignore modi giant amongst indian leaders
pm modi in uae country looks forward to scale friendly ties with india oneindia url hashtag url
when modi ji says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti haicongress gets confused if he is talking abt pakistan or cong hashtag
rt handle cries of modi! modi! modi! i thought that kind of reception was reserved for sachin! hashtag url
rt handle modi speaking about terrorism. now, that, is hindu terror a.k.a saffron terror. hashtag
how is it a balm for gujrat riots?
rt handle these adarshliberals think modi is uniting hindus
rt handle handle sardasai wont dare to be at place where modi is. understands it very well the charm and following for modi.handle
really confuse on looking mr. modi what he is exactly
its not odi but its much more than that
modi rocks in dubai, people cheering with thunderous claps repeatedly.
rt handle if namo succeeds in making india a better country, dynastic rule ends forever. url via handle
today modi speech reminds me the batting of sachin in sharjah hashtag . emoticon rtp
the lion roaring hashtag. how enthusiastic peoples are the one & only namo can make this. salute to all
rt handle modi mitron
his insurance company refused to extend his cover to attend another modi event. url
pm handle has arrived at the programme at the hashtag cricket stadium watch live url url
and sickular morons compare modi to hashtag handle and handle hashtag
handle handle i am doing business in dubai from many years , i knw what indians doing and how sheikhs rules not like feku modi !
modi from india greets abu dhabis masdar city, a new generation green startups in the uae. url url
rt handle best moment for me, before namo speech crowd roared with vande matram hashtag
when modi speaks, tavleen gets orgasm url
rt handle the uae on sunday decided to allot land for building a temple there, the first in the emirati capital as modi visits h
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple
what a speech by hashtag amaziiiiing please guys do not miss it its on every news channel hashtag handle pm rocks!
rt handle handle hashtag whos hotter? rt for modi. fav for raghuram. handle url
hashtag love him or hate himnamo rules the entire indian landscape. his only msgfeel proud to be an indian handle
handle she also once claimed that her support to modi will end during an interview post may num handle
the energy and positivity that our pm modi ji exhibits is inspiring!
paks sphere of influence punctured after modis visit .uae bonhomie with india corners pak. hashtag
the world popular leader pm narendr modiji we all indian people proud of india jay hind namo modiji url
url via narendra modi
rt handle modi is here it is electric all aroud the world! hashtag
cag raps narendra modi govt for rs num,num cr losses the times of india url via handle
rt handle extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm modis image exongc chief rs sharma url
rt handle great going handle sir url
no matter wat the orator in hashtag is enough to keep you spellbound wat a public speaker hashtag
handle you just need to be an asslicker of modi and bjp, and think of subhash chandra as steve jobs of india. handle
modi breathes green air in masdar city inuae url url
handle handle mr.modi is also facing a lot of pressure but still hes doing a fab job. learn smthing. dont breach trust
there are num flights bw india, dubai but it took num yrs for an indian pm to come here modi url
hashtag burnol moment for all modi haters hashtag
rt handle pm modis dubai speech key highlights
and namo begins his speech with bharat mata ki jai with the chants of modi modi. such a rock star my pm is )) hashtag
rt handle pm hashtag speaking about hashtag relationship with neighboring nations hashtag hashtag url
hashtag hashtag i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights url handle hashtag
im all for supporting modi. if & only if he brings reforms. coz he has all the best cards in his hand. no more excuses dude.
handle no modi is just responsible for hyperbole and muh tod jawab in speeches and trolling mms earlier for same. my bad.
rt handle i pity on those who prove themselves secular , hashtag has proved that he is more secular than anynum else. url
rt handle standing in islamic country and cursing taliban and terrorism is like a loin roar. modi is awesome
handle modi match modi man of match who staybaj behind this match.
hashtag. huge response from indian diaspora in dubai. rock star modi repeats madison again . applause at every bullet sentence
rt handle modi my predecessors have left many good things for me to do
rt handle vulgar display of indian charity by modi going on in dubai!
isnt modi ji becoming a global leader?
rt chandrusweb this is from one of bjp and pm modis strongest supporters on twitter! url
we work,not with an arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone toward development pm modi url
rt handle pm modi online platform called maddad to connect indian diaspora around the world
handle handle u r right rahul kanwalmodi is really first pm in world having such a huge fan following he is the hope of india
good rtmodji will be in london in nov,will address indians in wembly stadium
speech the only thing i love about modi ji hashtag waah waah
handle num in a crowd of thousands chanting modi ? very poor paid indeed.
more than hashtag cricket. hashtag url
rt handle inc fatwa muslims who attend modis speeches are not muslims anymore
rt handle handle modi ji is schduled to arrive in an hour or so
i added a video to a handle playlist url pm modi address indian daispora at dubai cricket stadium
*num.num lakh crores investment for india
my news feed is full of modi in dubai.
modi is a changef man now as he sought repentence of sins he committed in engineering gujrat pogrom by way of url
handle amazing mr.modi every single person of india has proud feel jai hind
wat about our retd def personnelshashtag url
forget about all rhetoricsmodi is master communicatoruae debut is housefull. hashtag hashtag
handle no they are not as good as modi in public relations
handle true. as i said after modi in madison, if modi says dont vote for that american presidential candidate, heshe will lose.
rt handle modi us $num trillion is a big amount but added that such investments can come to india ! hashtag first lets close num
modi takes a breather in speech and chants of modimodi start.
rt handle handle its electrifying inside the venue. continues modi modi modi chantsno leader without mass love can achieve.
handle handle modi rocked amidst thunderous shouting of modi modiin dubai cricket stadiumeven exceeded madison sq event!
to see our indias great pm handle url
rt handle modi gave us freedom in num we forgot oops url
rt handle from swachh bharat to startups, num things pm modi said on iday url
handle though im a modi supporter, i agree with you
wow what a response from pepole in dubai cricket stadium i.e modi sir keep inspiring indians all over globel.
pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast. url
hashtag modi num hr work schedule numhrs makeup room. numhrs rehearsing next jumla, numhrs next foreign trip numhrs admiring himself in mirror.
rt handle fact is, modi is our last hope.
ndtv we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm url url
so where can i get data of the total deal sign by modi in all his trip across the globe hashtag hashtag
traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill daily news & analysis url hashtag
hashtag hashtag handle hashtag hashtag
that nagging motherinlaw congress.
handle the way he finished? the way forward? thats a simple & gracious statesmans job. modi is too much abhineta handle
rt handle pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs num lakh cr; url hashtag hashtag http
many minorities cheering and having genuine smile on there face while modi speaks, bad time for sickulars
fight terror or get isolated. tough reply to pakistan. hashtag hashtag hashtag awesome speech by hashtag hashtag
rt handle the moment has arrived pm modi on stage in dubai
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle there were other many cms who ruled states num & more year
handle sir num min of rain in bhopal created long traffic jam in.concrete in mp, mr.modi is there to handle international issues
fantastic speech by the prime minister. defening chants of namo at the venue hashtag
rt handle indian expats in hashtag gear up for marhaba namo.
our insurance scheme is as affordable as rs num per month pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
pm modi interacts with indian workers at the icad residential city
pm modi shakes hands with workers at dubai which turns them speechless
modi fills up stadiums like upa ministers fill up their vaults.
hashtag hashtag rabies im sure those mocking modi eating gujarati food eat snakes and lizards when they visit china
some people cant digest modis progressiveness .thats y trending hashtag.burnol moment
an indirect warning to pakis let dm undrstnd dis handle handle handle handle handle url
handle handle handle numnd modi involvement in gharvapsi program and blackmail house to pass anti conversion law
hashtag of hashtag under leadership of pm narendra modi has shown unprecedented results url
so accept you have no guts. url
rt handle thts what the truth is revealed by julian assanje, wikileaks founder.
but modi believes otherwise!
handle sikulars pl explain why all tv serials, othr progrms has zero viewership n in every house modi ji can be heared hashtag
true. msm dont even mention those schemes & positive numbers. its important that the message goes to people url
rt handle dubai is now a miniworld, not only miniindia narendra modi
rt handle if sonia gandhi were to visit a temple in pittsburgh would the bhakts be conciliated ? url
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in emirates num url
rt handle handle handle wish modi would someday care to tweet on vyapam massacre! wondering if indian lives dont have
why grudge brownie points to modi dear handle didnt the uae govt sign a joint statement against terror sponsors url
handle its not the power of modi duffer , it is a courtesy of islamic country
handle handle how much more stupid can you become handle? thank god there is a limit on twitter.
more towards usa! url
the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo url via handle
handle superb speech by our pm and make us feel proud to have such electrifying pm like modi he rocks, we rock
waiting for handle to tweet.
rt handle far from cuttin his criticism of cong abroad. modi at it again in dubai sayin tho there r daily flts frm india it tk num
pm narendra modi on indiauae joint statement denouncing statesponsored terrorism url
prime minister narendra modi said today,uaes power and indias potential can make the dream of an asian century a reality.
lol my sister may gift me tat url
rt handle modi takes a breather in speech and chants of modimodi start.
modi never forgets to bring up vajpayees name in his speeches.
rt handle debating tonight on handle prime minister modis num year reminder. why is congress angry? hashtag
handle sometimes i wonder who is the best atal or modi
rt handle numth aug; empire state towr usa went tricolour. this is namo effect.
handle handle in dubai his supporters chants modi modi,while bjp chants congress,congress in india
motivating speech by narendra modi sir (y)
rt handle it was modi modi chanting yesterday in a mosque in abu dabhi
handle you made us collectively proud of our identity. thankyou sir. url
tomorrow modi will do the political encounter of mr chandra kumar&bhung parsad at biharjai hooooo modi ji hashtag
mission organised and development num india hashtag
not sure if taking selfies or running a nation is a priority hashtag
the whole world is in love with modi n what he represents development.
todays achievement of our great modi ji can be compared with the pasts such achievements
rt handle handle rtgood analysis.bjp nd its allies shld b able num get significant no of seats.modi is a good cm candidate
hashtag where does modi bring all that energy from.
rt handle do watch pm narendra modi in dubai cricket stadium live on dd news numrtnum pm hashtag hashtag
handle modi doesnt know, num of people in that countries population is workforce from india handle
rt handle uae govt decides to allot land for building a hindu
hashtag live pm modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against ter url hashtag
handle tomorrow repeat telecast
rt handle in uae, modi blames past govts for failures of current govt. this is so hilarious hashtag
rt handle innocent animal get to live one more day thanks to great namo hashtag hashtag url
handle handle handle handle mangalyaan to mars was a success, so is modiyaan to uae
handle handle modi is terrorist hashtag for endia a terrorist is pm
thats why pm has not visited uae for last num years. url
all my seniors will be preparing num cheat sheets each for me to attack modi and people supportin
rt handle media should not create hype on modi visiting pakistan next year on next saarc summit in islamabad, it is not a goodwill
rt handle my column this issue went to print before indradhanush was announced. so more on it next time emoticon url
modi will very soon make a new definition for selfie.
orop govt should bite the bullet. hashtag govt getting cold feet ?
we have started emigrate portal to address the problems of indian immigrants pm modi hashtag
with you always, hashtag ji ab to jawaab dedo aapke bhi ghar me buzurg log hain saab handle url
rt handle modi in dubai live thousands still queuing up to enter the stadium url
ass on fire handle url
showing only muslims praising modi in dubai.
modi looks relaxed, confident! his mannerisms while talking about the achievements & confidence level on what he is able to do.
jiwa mines pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae gov url
rt handle modi ji, for aap, cong, sp, tmc, bsp, amim, cpim only last ray of hopp is muslim vote bank. please do not steel it from us
narendra modi is so humble, never talks about himself.
rt handle dubai cricket stadium is reverberating with chants of modi
pm modi talks of numcrore houses in numyrs. housing scheme approved by modi govt has only numlakh houses till num. hashtag
the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the num crore people of india pm modi in dubai
handle separation of east was by those whom modi & haseena exposed few months back. read history otherwise get lost
rt handle better than comedy central url
wow!columnists like handle writing about namos food preferences& editors like handle discussing it in detail url
this gives you an idea of just how much everything rests on modi. url
num.num lakh crores to be invested in india.modi gets ondia its pie.well fact is that india is the most stable happening place
rt handle after nepal earthquake, we immediately rushed to help our neighbour pm hashtag url url
well thats already proven now its just watching the show time emoticon url
bullishnum url rt vishweshwarbhat friend in dubai says first time we indians feel here that we have a leader (modi)
no reference to sharjah. bleddy elitist modi.
after seeing modis craze even in uae people of rjd,jdu,congress & evergreen chutiyaap people helplessly trending hashtag hashtag
handle handle no one asking u to review on modi visit. u eat ur own shit
this type of paid criticism is wrong no matter who is the target. handle url
this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm modi in dubai url
brothers winning hearts ko top par laao
be proud to have modi as our pm jai hooo hashtag
overweening speeches by modi without realized the the full potential of india is just like making fool out of it.
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae we ask the world to come and make in india pm modi url
no one, literally no one swags like modi. hashtag
handle handle handle handle pm modi is a proud indian. handle is a proud aap partyman.
modi addressing numk+ people in dubai. maddening crowd. hashtag hashtag
live uae plans to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india, pm modi says in dubai via handle url
the awesome thing about narendra modi is that his speeches are not scripted he speaks from heart love it
our deepest condolences with modi haters in these difficult times hashtag url
handle and few min back handle was trolling modi grilling handle why is modi silent on pakistan. here you get reply prestitute
rt handle what nonsense is this people of uae going crazy over modi?
handle handle handle handle handle cong gifted away air indias air routes to uae carriers.will modi reverse it?
rt handle actually modi is very capable of boosting the indian economy.
in a significant gesture, five brothers of the crown prince were present at the abu dhabi airport to receive modi url
we all are pushpa diwalkars and modi casts ta ra ra ra spell on us every time he gives speech. url
url rt mediacrooks why are jokers in cong getting upset about this? it includes abv also url
because she is not safe in india . handle handle url
narendra modi to inaugurate rs num crore road projects in bihar tomorrow url via url
numlakhnum crore investment in india by dubai hashtag what a faith generated by modi govt
rt handle every time modi gives a speech and takes a pause i feel he will say if you smell lalalala what modi is cooking hashtag
hashtag is in hashtag & collecting funds for his political party & not for india. what a shame.
shame on uae giving up to modis conspiracy url
modi ji rocks. hashtag. hashtag. he is the only saviour of india. do give him num decades to rule at least.
handlehandlehandlehandlehandle.rtpm sri namo has only spoke about atrocious
many people stood against the aib roast but no one stands against modi roasting congress openly! hashtag
heartbreak kid narendra modi hashtag
the number of skull caps in a modi event is directly proportional to the percentage increase in sale and use of burnol tubes. hashtag
rt handle our neighbour afghanistan is passing through a tough time, and india is standing with it narendra modi
rt handle hashtag narendra hashtag touring hashtag research labs! hashtag url url
rt handle modi hashtag hashtag hashtag now back to development [north east & eastern states] . url
handle handle i know lots of muslim modi supporters, including num from nearby mosque who contested for handle last yr emoticon
rt handle modi in dubai live indian prime minister arrives at the venue url
rt handle handle handle too much for foreign policy of modi ji. you lost russia as an ally!
i recommend subramanian swamy. emoticon url
hashtag modis new year wishes on malayalam
from gandhi to modi, khadi has come a long way from being a weapon of nonviolence (nisha narayanan handle) url
im fear hathway cable isnt a modi fansince morning strategic technical problems at crucial junctures that last hours. one on now emoticon
handle that is their limit of thinkingmodi kurta, pajama, khanathats the limit of indian journalism beyond that empty.
handle thanks his highness for your support, the courtesy extended to our pm. mr. modi, we are humbly touched, god speed his blessings.
handle nobody said modi ji has arranged for this. lol. hahahaha
high hopes. and misinformation. url
just go to the link proud feel url
handle can raga can speak even num of wat modi spoke?open ur eyes jhaits never too late.btw, did u chge ragas diapers,he wud hv peed?
pm of hearts amazing speech as expected hashtag
.handle modi targeting bal thackeray? hashtag url
prime minister narendra modis linkedln profile is among the most viewed in india, according to a study by the url
modi is a marketing genius in disguise of a prime minster url
hashtag arrives hashtag
namo in dubai. sif in dubai
rt handle fenku is bringing umbrella frm dubai i guess as a souvenir riding n a camel rtd emoticon hashtag handle url
handle before speech all news channel becomes communal & modi rocks
namo num.uae and india will fight together for terrorism num.uae will invest num.num lac crore in india num.india development credit to num.numcr indians
ndtv exclusive real reason behind modis uae trip.
rt handle the way modi was banging his chest shows , type body language.
congress flays modi on pakistani shelling in border areas
by media you mean hashtag url
rt handle modi, ya habibi, say those three words for me.
dont think citizens believed in any other politician as much as modi getting rockstar reception from expats in dubai
hashtag after the speech at dubai.
handle handle pm namo said there r no good terrorists & no bad terrorists. supporting yakub memom means one is a terrorist
uae allots land to build first temple in abu dhabi,prime minister narendra modi url
handle handle this is how bhakts and modi ji is looking like now rtd url
meanwhile malayalis in uae are wondering what modi is sayi
modi did nt even spare sunny leone
modi becomes the second person on a cricket ground to be playing likesachin sachin
hashtag modi dubai is home to large number of people from kerala
you handle , in your seething hatred for modi, have denigrated our country in response to a foreign official. depth of depravity.
rt handle ok. done. and then num more to take india to worlds supreme power url
handle despite having communal assets like you, modi is disappointinglolwaaa
in total modi just said muslims are one of the biggest reason behind indias progress. )) url
modi sir, we are waiting for black money to arrive in our countrytell us should we hope so?plz sir
modis leap of vision is india ready for a larger role? analysis url
im lucky to have witnessed u in my lifetime. may the next generation learn from u.
handle pm arrives at dubai stadium amidst chants of modi modirt
handle new profession hashtag url
forgeting cast faith leaders for numst time seek dev yet hashtag sees split by modi url url
modi needed two hours+ for redfort speech. he decided to split into two parts and one he is giving from dubai. hashtag
sheikh zayed uae abu dhabi may not buy modis $num trillion investment potential bait ! url
you got to give modi ji credit for overwhelming nri popularity. hashtag hashtag
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ji.
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle its the modi effect.
pakistanis may actually sleep better if modi could make ksa, kuwait & qatar sign the extremistfunding clause too
handle handle chai piya hoga. but i agree with namo sir perfectly. i have never seen him wasting time.
what kind of magnetic power must uae have generated in terms of growth that everyone wants to come here,says modi url
num things hashtag should see in the hashtag before he leaves and why
inspiring young india url
hashtag orop exservice chiefs write to pm narendra modi, ask to resolve the issue immediatel url hashtag hashtag
rt handle is there a count on no. of rts modi has generated it will blow your mind
slow claps for sickulars calling hashtag url
handle handle a very warm welcome to our honourable p.m. narendra modi.
rt handle handle only modi who knows he is unattractive will get such stories written. rajiv didnt have this problem url
international hypocrisy of pm modi, he should have visited indian mosques & tweeted about loc as he did about bangkok.
rt handle when most msm is extn of pol parties, handle stands way taller than other journalists coz of such pieces!
nris have gone completely crazy for their pm. modi modi chants are deafening hashtag
rt handle i love india i love mr.norendro modi . we are all feel you mr modi. realy we miss your dear modi. url
its the duty of cg to fill the gapes bw our neighbour countries
rt handle the guy next to me succinctly summarizing namos speech so far,mera general knowledge badraha hain hashtag
rt handle there wasnt a single stand alone visit by any indian pm to sri lanka after rajiv gandhi ji, before my visit pm narendra modi
over numk people await for mr.modi at dubai cricket stadium hashtag
one of the low points of my life on twitter. for even sane sanghis, modi is a holy cowemoticon url
modi ready to take numlac crore from hashtag isnt that halaal beef eating circumsized muslim money? bhakts happy to use that? hashtag
modi will construct tempal in uae.
adarsh liberals after modis speech hashtag url
in last num months there has been no single allegation of corruption against my government. pm modi
rt handle pakistanis mocking modis speach
rt ndtv the crown prince has promised an investment of num.num lakh crores in india pm modi url url
rt handle handle hashtag total twts num, participants num, original twts num
handle pm modi has done a great job in uae. this is a great beginning in stopping religion based terrorism.
dtn kerala modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law board (a url
screenshot of pm modi during live speech in dubai
modi or no modi, i guess bjp will eternally be indian cricket team of yore huffing & panting towards easy wins, snatching defeat from jov.
rt handle hashtag pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url
rt handle modi has singled out pakistan for special treatment today
nice speech mr modi at dubai cricket stadium
live pm narendra modi arrives in dubai on the second leg of uae visit zee news url
but no indian leader can match craze for modi in islamic country. hashtag
indias modi talks up trade with uae url url
handle breaking modi wins kerala assembly. hashtag
did modi just speak a line in malayalam?
rt handle handle come on! cant give credit to modi for everything and blame to bureaucrats! handle handle handle
handle no its not. it is done to welcome modi in uae
modi has now conquered a muslim nation as well burnol to pakistan
modi leaves dubai without dawood so much agony among the bhakts
see facenumof modi on islam url
rt handle since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi dimag lagao yojnaonly for con
eminent & thinking gentlemen know that modi is the only world leader who won with num+ million votes hashtag url
url hashtag nwt crocs modi flip flip flop womens size num light grey volt green
mr modi, i am ready to bear a cess if money is problem for implementing hashtag .pls tell the nation clearly. cant see our soliders like this
is raga thr pls god url
with modi at the helm i am finally & for the first time proud to be a hindustani
rt handle made in india? all we need now is modi in india. rtb
rt handle india has launched an online platform madad for all nris narendra modi
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity touae url
napak was killer choice of words emoticon hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
rt handle a traditional dance from kerala mohiniattam keeps audience engaged ahead of narendra modis arrival hashtag url
modis call for swachh bharat abhiyan nirmal bharat abhiyan credit jitendra url jugaad definition is abuse of traits.
over num flights from india come to uae every week pm modi
url i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights ndtv hashtag
rt handle the world will chant namo namoas dubai is chanting now. hashtag
lalit modi to help sahara in selling its properties in us
thank you for coming uae. we are celebrating this moment. .this time we want to see you. but we cant . because we have work sorry modi ji
pm modis address at investors meet at hashtag city in hashtag
rt handle media(presstitutes) need cash to write about pms achievements.they used to get funds from upa & not nda.handle htt
artists dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero modi
hashtag it has been painful for congress to take in, now that modi gets oil from uae, it wont be rtp handle
rt handle all the sickulars n presstitutes are groping for cover not knowing wht to say or do next. handle has stolen their thu
mr. dhiraj, greets sh. narendra modi at dubai, u.a.e today.
num major achievements of hashtag in last num year
modi is not on personal picnic. he does more work even on sundays when you guys doze off.
rt handle friend in dubai says first time we indians feel here that we have a leader (modi) who is immensely respected by loca
rt handle hashtag num ways in which pm modi received a fancy welcome
hashtag shaking hands with handle is shaking hands with num.num billion indians! hashtag, youre getting predictable! losing charm!
handle handle handle handle this is shameful. none of the pms ever did. but modi is used to of this
you know who namo reminds me of shankar das from azhakiya ravanan. url
one rank and one pension had promised by hon. prime minister shri narendra modi je and it must be finalized without any further delay
following modis demand for temple; kejriwal, rahul gandhi, mulayam etc make their own demands to uae govt. find out
handle modi has recovered indian pride
thats crowd in uae to hear d speech of modi hashtag url
hashtag.modi asked indian disapora to asked to say thanks king of abudabi on goving land for hindu temple.
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag talking about saarc countries. url
i express my heartfelt gratitude to uaes crown prince who has agreed to give a piece of land for a hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi
hashtag for a handful of lunatics n hashtag but a ray of hope num majority n true son of india, he is my pm narendra modi. cheers!
rt handle pm hashtag is observing silence on border shelling in hashtag ncp url
modi is good in outskirts of india
handle namo just using the pace of the inc, that went to the boundary like a tracer bullet.
mohamed, modi discuss ties url
rt handle nation can ill afford damaged pride of our veterans chilling warning by ten former service chiefs to pm modi url
rt handle hashtag modi said hes seeing a mini india i bet for sure he must be talking about the meena bazaar in dubai
its age of modiiiiiimodi
pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see miniindia in dubai it is said that indians deprived of opportunities in india settled abroad
i am both happy and sad, since the day modi is in dubai, no bhakt called me a bloody muslim bimbo with a fake hindu name
rt handle hashtag india is changing not because of modi but due to num crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but num
pm modi crown prince of abu dhabi supported indias demand for un sec council seat
modi setting up the rules of fight against terrorism. wake up world. hashtag url
handle handle sir it was such an awesome n inspiring speech as always namo rocks url
do the math world bank is gospel it could be num crore, it could be num crore url
rt handle pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai tonight num developments
handle handle handle modi hasnt given this copyright to anyone.
num) incidents of communal tensions have increased during modis rule
the uae visit was pathbreaking. got the opportunity to engage with url
hashtag at hashtag waiting for speech hashtag
please someone do a num on how to write a modi speech. same elements like previous speeches. glad he is over swach bharat for now.
rt handle modi in uae indian diaspora eagerly awaiting a madison squarelike event url via handle
modi is so overrated.
handle handle even then its doubtful they will boo considering the charm of modi.
rt handle yes. fabulous. hindutava terrorism will be condemned just as islamist terrorism is. gooooo modi hashtag https
dis is wat aapis n congressis r doing while modi is making india proud all over the world. hashtag hashtag url
rt handle thank you for the suggestion. sounds like work ), dont think this is fine? url
hashtag if issues and things modi ji is talkn is waste for some people! thn trust me, u guys r totally waste! get a life handle
rt handle pm modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium. follow live updates here url
handle modis words concluding central asian tour in tajikistan. direct link = pok. pak has sensed war. url
even if it rains a little more in india, then the indian living in dubai, opens his umbrella says modi url
rt handle saggy aunty so what if numk expatriates r cheering pm modi,d real test wd b when they cheer num &only true leader of ind>pappu!
handle handle handle amareshmisrafc handle handle handle handle modi & gang not ashamed rest all
rt handle handle modi ashamed of atal bihari vajpayee for not visiting uae as pm
oh my godbakloli ki hadd hoti h
rt handle modis going on and on about me in his speech.
handle handle modi is an individual who can not be trusted see how his govt is treating the soilders
place which clean by our beloved prophet and his companions from all these evils and idol ship there uae govt. allow modi to make temple
rt handle prime minister narendra modi condemned it .all those who have a stake in humanity will condemn it with bell ,book and cand
rt handle opinion num big standout points in modis speech by handle url
hashtag next unga will be exciting when namo comes to ny!
rt handle handle why modi dont feel shame on vetrans sitting on streets fr orop
no achievements, so our newspapers discuss menus during modijis tours. url
rt handle num,num indians to hear pm modi at marhaba namo event in dubai all roads in dubai would be leading to the du url
im losing followers yar !
handle handle hi sir modi jee is coming in my city ara tomorrow plz tell someone to provide me a pass. go through my tl emoticon trying
handle modi success mangalayaan grnum n sharp n clear picture of canyon at mars is appropriated by world community.
namo in dubai watch live broadcast url
rt handle modi rocks pseudo secular shocks
dubai visit of shri narendra modi reveals that he is greatest prime minister of the india.
a new height of diplomacy has given a tight slap to modi haters
may be putting censorship on modi bashing from gcc! notice to self *be cautious & diplomatic* url
any channel which is showing the program that is going on at the modi speech venue instead of the bleddy discussions?
rrajeshbarde url hashtag modi is a fusion of charisma & commitment
handle handle handle handle heartburn for modi haters. hashtag keep rocking and winning hearts sir!
hashtag indians decked out in the tiranga colours to greet modi. url
[narendra modi goes to us]
acid inducing moment for hashtag embassy says no to exhibition but modi reaches out directly to this admirer url
rt handle why baahubali hashtag is best thing to happen to india handle url hashtag url
rt handle pm modi visits carfree masdar city, promotes india as an investment destination url
somebody shud ask these maulana how many temple they hv visited till date hashtag url
pm modi uae supports indias bid for permanent membership at the unsc.handle handle
modi ji always show his positive attitude and he is true leader of our nation
maybe modi haters should form their own little country so they can boo modi when he visits?hashtag
jst see modi has made life misrable fr congis sisklrs prestituts media opp.= ll barking like mad num.v shud njoy prestitus cong barking
mark collins hashtag forgotten good war url hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
optimum use of technology
modis selfie obsession continues at sheikh zayed grand mosque url
handle wow! modi, the magician emoticon hashtag
handle land already alloted modi is fooling india and now gulf
handle time start now massage giving pakistan people indian people ready fight jai hindustan jai india jai narendra modi open change
handle pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
when you have modi make it handle not lalit
hashtag critique is simple modi does not need a palaniappan jaitley as fm via handle url
dubai chants namo namo in a full house address by handle
chingam num num keralities celebrate malayalam new year; pm modi, offers greetings url via handle hashtag
rt handle e dhoklabhai,the trees in gulf hv stopped producing gold,u will do baklol n go,the govt will start taxing the expats url
those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi url
world is noticing india, its people, its power. namo, the indian tiger is doing an incredible job. hashtag
narendra modi low back pain prevention requires bracing the spine hamstrings are often tight in people with l url
rt handle joint statement between united arab emirates and the republic of india
i would love to see modi dance on chal beta selfie le le re
few chairs empty at the extreme right. this is how unpopular handle is! hashtag url
paid media using same old paid funda
we can say its modi magic in gulf country too url
rt handle the curious case of modibaiters landing up in controversies url handle
lot of rock has been thrown on modi and with help of these rocks he became a rock star. url
handle what an atmosphere in dubai marhaba modi url
rt handle why? did islam originate in india or arabian desert? url
pm modi address in dubai over whelms large audience. temple in abu dhabi , investment in india , jt statement on terrorism. feel good.
hashtag handle handle
meanwhile sagarika,rana ,alka, barkha, rajdeep and num others hv set
uae has promised an investment of num.num lakh crore in india pm hashtag url url
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
hashtag nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai url
rt handle handle modi & jaitley duo have consciously kept you at bay.virtually sidelined so that you may never become powerful handle
rt handle pm handle to visit singapore in november url hashtag
these are sponsored slogans& sloganeers, in agenda of modi,whereever he goes they chant to show his fake popularity! url
rt handle meanwhile its shopping time
post hashtag, this is the most energetic speech by modi hashtag .
handle tom vadakan and congress are clean bowled with modis delivery. congress to hang themselves in shame.
handle handle handle modi ji has not given any such statement as handle khadaksingh wants us to believe.
handle wish journalists were asking the right questuons handle.did modi even address the problems of indian labourers in uae.
finally a permanent seat of india in un thanks to the efforts of namo and crown prince of abu dhabi hashtag hashtag
modi v r bringing investment from blah blah country.
handle handle if this govt. cares about protests, let it listen to the veterans. leave mullahs aside. modi ji is hugging them in uea.
rt handle what treaty? btw why is asfpa still on in north east . thx url
hashtag has allegedly said that if his silence is being perceived as arrogance then, he is an arrogant !
pm modi loses his &hashtag;mental balance&hashtag; when he goes abroad, says congress yahoo news india url
handle he must learn at least some things, he is representing india not bhrasht janta party, shame on you mr.modi
num plus kerela samajam members went from bahrain to dubai to attend this modi show. many gujju bhais too.
its time to declare bernol day fo secular parties modi gonna rock in uae cant wait for his speech ! hashtag hashtag
when permanent members are opposing what will happen with uae modi ji url
modi discussion with labour camp residents in num sentence how r u , posed for pics and was gone labourers disheartened
rt handle after showcasing so much boring classical performance these organizers will undo whatever modi has achieved in uae . hashtag
when life and humor gives up on you url
no matter how grave a problem is, the solution is always through dialogue narendra modi
i didnt know toi had sponsored modis dubai trip. i saw one yellow banner there. oh that was toilet. anyways its too similar. hashtag
handle your manmohan never talked. your pappu dont know what to talk. modi is d
rt handle crowd chanting modi modi modi
handle ok, ok i get it, you hate modi. is it necessary to also be a troll? handle
because of its tagline ghar nahi jaaoonga main! emoticon
mean while pakistan still searching for a speaker to rebut modi. hashtag
hashtag hashtag wat will u do wd the slogan sir
heres what master chef sanjeev kapoor cooked for pm modi and the royalsyesterday! url
rt handle hashtag do you want everybody in delhi to have a house, a roof over their head? pm modi url
responding to atal jis call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm modi in dubai url
meaning of hindutva these days join bjp, write staunch hindu in your bio, and do namo jaap.change dp to god & abuse antinamo hashtag
this is from one of bjp and pm modis strongest supporters on twitter! url
rt handle pm handle issues warning to pakistan from dubai
why shouldnt india be proud? we have a leader who is making dubai feel like india sweet dreams mr handle url
apt on what handle is doing n why he should by handle
handle i like the new, improved modi as opposed to the one who couldnt bear wearing a skull cap months ago
rt handle handle handle handle bihar election will b modis waterloo n his man of the match amit shah graveyard.
humne maldives ko pyasa nahi merne diya credit claim
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment prime minister narendra modi on monday held talks url
rt handle live on hashtag inside the hashtag people are chanting modi modi modi hashtag hashtag url
num. om we begin with om, the undercurrent tone of the universe
rt handle only in india could an infinite debate on lalit modi happen without discussing the biggest statements made by him. its m
namo not bcoz of me but bcoz of you all num crore indians
handle perhaps u hv failed num notice love num modi in rallies in india (as recent as num rally in bihar). or r u only interested in nris op.
numemoticon have inappropriate speeches made by some bjp leaders affected the credibility of the modi government?
another dumb article by handle
handle for once i agree. intrnl issues shouldnt be discussed abroad. what abt your partymen pleading with us not to grant visa to modi?
rt handle thank u for mahika ji
live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, emigrate & madad portal for indian migrants url
people out side dubai stadium to get a glimpse of our pm modi today afternoon.
lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals
rt handle numdays reader handle tweeting from cricket stadium where hashtag will be giving a speech tonight hashtag url
nw sonia&rahul r tryng notdwn the points num critize modi.bt they feel dfclty to hate his speech, such a roaring &insprng speech hashtag
modis malayalam was far better than $onias hindi. hashtag
ever seen a pm who is loved by all? meet mr modi emoticon hashtag
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said url via handle
dtn india pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister narend url
handle handle handle yes modi is the best event manager and rahul gandhi is the best event damager.
looks like handle is going head to head with kim jongun for the propaganda contest and so far modi looks the clear favourite.
modi should ask uae to improve its airport duty free collection. total crap.
why the hell everything has to be debated on hashtag? can we just be inspired and take hashtag speech +vely? hashtag
the large expat meeting modi in arab is nothing to cherish it indicates how indians are economically enslaved and squeezed
handle modi knows how to attack opposition well. he speaks of other political party poisoning people where as he speaks bad of others more.
modi is superhero jubilant crowds @ dubai internation stadium for marhaba namo address
rt handle we always want to live in peace and harmony with our neighbours and prosper hashtag
modi gets down to issues of overseas indians flags madad grievance project, indian community welfare fund the new indian express
handle not if hes got some grip on modi. was astounded that this loser from.amritsar initially got both fin & def. beyond logic.
madison moment in delhi! hashtag hashtag
rt handle agree with you modi url
is modis make in india manufacturing campaign starting to pay off with hightech giants? url
handle one guy was upset with the way food was presented url
its fun to watch namo trolling pakis in their own backyard.
rt handle marhaba modi. lion roaring
rt handle india inc hails pm narendra modis thrust on agri production, startups url
modi should remember the fact, before talking about lack of administration prior to him, that he is not the first bjp pm atal ji served
handle the clown prince needs cheat sheet even for three monkeys, it is an honor for him to be spoken in the same vein as namo!
handle huge gathering to hear mr. modis speech at dubai criket stadium !
rt handle me india will overtake chinas population by num. what is modi doing about that ?
an open letter to prime minister modi from a current army soldier url via @handle
rt handle mr modi, land for swami narayan temple in uae is donated in july num. url hashtag url
pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan
rt handle imagine the strength shown, the magnetic power that has drawn the world here pm modi in dubai url
hashtag gopigothere hashtag total twts num, participants num, original twts num
modi mass so many flights are there btwn india nd uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation url
modi gone dubai for battle of bihar
hashtag was waiting for whole day to watch this crowd cheering , chantin modi modi wow watch live at url
narendra modis answer to those idiots who talk non sense about rss ! url via handle
live watch pm modi in uae emigrate portal, madad for indian migrants; counsellor camps for indian worker url
rt handle namo just fingered cong. chuna laggaya ! i love it hashtag
same stated he in australia too rtp url
exactly. hashtag whole congress is short of burnol supply. url
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said india is p url
handle do you remember once sagarika ji tweeted how worried she is world will not welcome modi. you did reply to that if i remember.
hashtag crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi dubai tens of thousands of indian expat url emoticon
congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments url hashtag hashtag hashtag
so what would modi get from dubai duty free hashtag
dubai chants hashtag hashtag and kejri baba has its fake award. now aapturds how feeling url
rt handle pm flies all the way to uae to get indian food. url
pm modi of india known to be hypocrite. he complained of beef export in congress regime but exporting beef. watch at url
rt handle packed stadium erupts into modi ,modi chants during his speech in dubai url url
feeling proud on our pm modi.
our great pm modi welcome in dubai feeling proud
rt handle i repeat url
rt handle android m is not modi, whats the use of having an indian ceo at google.
modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board url
happiness modi rocks hashtag
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium firstpost url
before election modi had said that pakistan should be dealt with the same language. now, he is so defensive. wtf url
gobar ke laddu khilav,selebraties of press,times now.sakshat hindu hriday samratnamo.
handle handle super speech of our brave pm modi ji
modi creates history in dubai.
rt handle we are distressed at the use of power against veterans exservice chiefs write to pm modi on url
handle the temple is a huge gift to the people of abu dhabi narendra modi
modi never said that, associate editor, the hindu. url
rt handle you can see the shine in the eyes of a person who hears the word india.the reason is indias changed image pm modi http
partnum clip here (num)
rt handle these intellectual liberal mandali hate modi and then decipher each and every sentence of modis speech. no matter, ppl c
rt ndtv when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india pm modi in duba
madison square redux narendra modi @ dubai sports stadium. being streamed live url
handle namo agreed in principle with soudis that dawood ibrahim can be ceo of arab investment cosinfamous rss linkd dcompanies
hashtag modi addresses indian community at the dubai international cricket stadium hashtag url
the indian cricket team could do with a batsman like modi.
hashtag orop exservice chiefs write to pm narendra modi, ask to resolve the issue immediately url via handle
modi ji ke bhashan me beech beech me chanting ho rahi hai, great feeling hashtag hashtag malyali navvarsh in malayali language emoticon
rt handle today democracy is under threat in india . the attack by govt orders on retired defence personal has made me cry . i am
modi make mood talk tale & talent. makeover. india orrr hangover. till morning ?
im sure hashtag has fans in mars and pluto too !
handle look at you! reduced to having wet dreamsman, i feel sorry for you. do consult someone or this modi hate will consume you.
request with namo! please try to prove this nepal as a independent land. url
num) how will you rate overall performance of modi sarkar so far?
rt handle hashtag handshake leaves workers speechless hashtag
rt handle assam cm tarun gogoi seeks clarification from pm narendra modi on naga accord the economic times url
narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium ends
rt handle pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference in bhopal v k singh
and this is for questioning modis inaction, nah , cold shoulder to ap
debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag wont tolerate terrorreligion link. with modi at side uae nudges pak
around the world in num days. learn it from us hashtag hashtag
rt handle nearly num lakh crore investment promised by the uae modi handle
rt handle have patience friends, development will come. modis power is like gods power an imaginary concept with legions of viole
pm modis articulation of his reception at the airport reflects his understanding of the indian experience of living in the uae.
assam cm tarun gogoi seeks clarification from pm narendra modi on naga accord economic times url hashtag
this must be new to arabs handle people gathering in such large numbers cheering a leader url
rt handle sanctions were put on india. that time, vajpayee ji had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi in
amazing crowd has gathered to listen handle handle ji in dubai
lol jingle bhi banaao modi ji handle this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance hashtag url
speaking to numk crowd in uae is phenomenal. no doubt. something congress could never achieve. but be a primeminister and not hashtag
it will be a symbol of peace, piety, harmony and inclusiveness that are inherent to the faith of islam ~ modi hashtag
i am an admirer of prime minister narendra modis vision, says bassi delhi police chief the hindu url
rt handle the reason why indians chosen him as our pm hashtag hashtag url
handle all raw agents hv learnt little bit of local languages does not make them balochi, u pseudo balochi go lick modi ars
modi in dubai stadium packed num hour before the event
a large mitron collider
rt handle modi against all kind of terrorism? ok then samjhauta blast accused swami aseemanand implicates rss chief url
no worry ! this fellow proves his dna he is a halfbreed url
shocking response on temple construction announcement in dubai by narendra modi url via handle
rt handle live blog pm hashtag to address indian diaspora in hashtag shortly url
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae solution for any situation is through dialogue pm modi on naga pact url
handle today is right, modis program. but remaining days that is like a common channel. what help from it?
rt handle its an open stadium and a sultry num degrees. crown is not feeling any of it, overwhelmed by modis charisma
rt handle majority indian labour community in uae comprises of keralites. most are muslims. for pm modi, they are just indians url
rt handle today in hashtag i am seeing a miniindia pm narendra modi url
handle plz , lets criticize his wrong policies. url
now this is surely something url
modi absolutely demolishing pakistan.
you heard prime minister handle speech, handle
rt handle the reason libtards cringe is they feel modi should crawl in front of the sheikh, where crawling is = iftar + tope + pray +
hashtagspeech impact no where close num madisongd msg on terrorism,else most of it was globalbut jo bhi hosirji filmy to solid hain!
hashtag kickstarts process of isolating hashtag in arab world. no good taliban, no bad taliban. hashtag
rt the hindu modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board url
good modi talking about the money too. congis who thought he was bungee jumping there should know.
rt handle now u know why modi was silent. he wanted voters to respond to negative campaign. now, tweets on mp local election win
handle handle people who wanted to watch hashtag couldnt see him see him here live url
modi ji you are every time saying hashtag. please say once hashtag to them who are not economically weak.
caption this hashtag url
handle why modi is so craving about applause and crowd attention ? is he lacking on true merit or true achievements ? i think so !
handle handle watch & understand y modi never goes for ifthar. he never does & s a genuine reason.
rt handle still num hours to go & stadium is almost full
rt handle being connected with dubai for so many years it feels great to hear namo. he is really connecting the dots hashtag
rt handle the world will have a culture shock to see modi as pm after having seen a gem dr mms said my dad. rightly so. url
when i was in school india is developing country like that modi saying we ll implement ! my q for modi ji when when & when modi ji
handle handle why hashtag oppose modi
rt handle if you hear lone voice chanting, modi jiiii after num minute into the speech, that none other than yours truly
hashtag hashtag will never understand the sense of nation pride & joy that pm modi brings num indians where ever he goes!hashtag
people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival today pm modi in dubai
one thing is clear modi rule the heart of indiansnum,num were shouting modi modimarhaba modi
even handle will call it hypocrisy wen modi declines to wear a skull cap in india but visits mosque in uae hashtag
modi in dubai metro timings extended; marhaba namo as nris ready for pm emirates num url
congrats narendra modi ji on breaking record of yuvraj singh of fastest half century. hashtag
handle absolutely. its very encouraging for hashtag from all across the country url
handle [live now] narendra modi pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
rt handle hashtag modi has again mesmerized with his marvellous speech at uae. rahul baba should learn how to give a powerful spe
pm modi at numth independence day celebrations at red fort,delhi url
handle url num times repeat kardiya hain
rt handle pics coming from dubai are awesome only modi could generate so much enthusiasm and energy among indians.
handle modi ji i req pls action stop tarriest attack in jammu & kashmir . all indian lots hope with you sir . jai hind
congress party raising senseless useless filthy unbenifitable to hindustani questions. no need to answer by bjp nda pm narendra modi jee.
rt handle dubai stadium, where pak cricket team plays their home games is now witnessing an epic gathring, people shouting modi, modi hashtag
rt handle handle handle arnab & rahul shivsahanker , hidden rss moles r defending namo when he abuses d past pms! at
rt handle sir, aseemanand ka kya karein? speech is good. throw him under the bus or wait for people to forget? url
hashtag hashtag modi hashtag
rt handle handle even modi has won elections so winning election is different thing handle handle
foundation pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights url
shabnam hashmis antihindu, antimodi anhad is funded by the church hashtag url url
pm narendra modi waves at the gathering at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
modi ji needs to pay attention in~house
num flights a year to uae from india and it took num years for pm to visit uae. modi in dubai stadium hashtag hashtag
it was as simple modi declared we did this going to do this
handle abhijit visit bhavnagar,jamnagar& rajkot to knowtrue modi & num yrs rule crafted policies with help of media.mafiamasses
now indian media will call this man a communal man because he just praised namo ! url
rt handle handle handle handle till todays modi speech sachins batting vs aus in num at sharjah was d best performance by a
modi addresses expat indians; witnessing a mini india in dubai
rt handle srk to file copyright petition against modi on num minute hain aapke pass. num minute
handle thank you mr.modi. very best wishes to you too. it was incredible to hear you wish the dubai malayalis in malayalam emoticon
rt handle another count on which handle is wrong is statement with num days in it was by rajnath singh, not modi. num days to st
pm namos greatest legacy is changing the perception of indians towards india and making indians proud of their country and its heritage.
rt handle go die you fools at handle handle handle handle these guys were says was modi modi modi hashtag htt
rt handle modi still needs majority in handle hashtag
babus are more powerful than lord modi reslly url
the inside scoop heres what was on the menu when sanjeev kapoor curated a dinner for pm modi in the uae url
rt handle just like gujarat was all celebratory when hashtag was hashtag, i see indians believing more in themselves with hashtag as hashtag!
that roar of modi modi man i n feeling goose bumps here
rt handle modi in dubai live thousands queuing up to enter the stadium url
dubai cricket stadium filled to welcome pm modi url
rt handle its amazing that until handle mentioned, nobody noticed the fact that hashtag has avoided hashtag so far hashtag
handle pm narendra modi to leave for delhi, shortly. hashtag url
you can also watch pm hashtag live from dubai on yuvaitv url hashtag
handle forget about indian media and their bitch pangs.read how the workers were elated about pm modi visit
his emotional iq is very high u must appreciate that part url
handle r u listening modi
modi being dubbed man of the masses by media worldwide after one hour plus populist speech that denounced terror, announced welfare schemes!
handle handle i just asked something to modi ji , why ur so desperate
you dont need to search bitches in slutload or porntube bcoz you will find them twitting here especially against modi lol hashtag
crown prince of uae has pledged to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india pm hashtag
modi handshake leaves workers speechless url
raga(pappu) no match for namo.
rt handle pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium at around numrtnum tonight hashtag url
criticize modis policy & even past as much as you want, but making fun of his pronunciation is plain stupid.
people who say nris like modi more than the indians, dont think they all voted for him in the assembly elections.
handle shh. atlas jerked might hear you. unfortunately for him, modi is now in his territory.
numth august rally expected to be num lakh strong.
when the hell do these idiots learn that indians = vegetarian. pah! lost cause. url
rt handle we have a deep historical links and shared vision and aspirations for our nations handle to pm hashtag url
rt handle a lot of crucial posts in centre lying vacant.
rt handle the best live
.handle congress decadeslong tokenism towards muslims has kept them in socioeconomic ghettos url
hashtag live speech oho man house full auditorium echoing namo wooow
rt handle handle m saying outrage is also acceptable but giving up on namo after all he is doing handle handle
rt handle crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium to hear namo. soon, ravi shastri will start announcement with how are you ko
modis references to pakistan must feel thinly veiled only if you arent pakistan. otherwise it must be like getting slapped in winter.
ans he attached a world map
modi modified them lol url
if modi ji would have got wages of indians in gulf equal num european, his visit would hv been a success. what in addressing num hashtag
modi magic in uae, a huge audience, every indian in the crowd there to hear their pm speak to them, a new phenomena never seen before
dubai cricket stadium has num capacity. how can it holds num people. bjp and modi said lie .shame modi. dubai stadium not eden garden
rt handle i see before me here a miniindia pm modi tells num,num indians at a stadium in dubai
honourable pm modi sirs message on visitors book of sheikh zayed mosque emoticon url
electrifying speech, huge crowdgot goosebumps while hearing modimodi chants. hashtag url
rt handle modi rocks everywhere jai namo hashtag
url not for sachin this time modi modi url
tarak mehta ka ulta chasma now wil be aired in uae also.
crowd chanting hashtag ! electrifying atmosphere hashtag hashtag url via handle
rt handle namo gives new year wishes to hashtag people in hashtag language. hashtag hashtag
rt hindustan times httweets amid chants of modi, modi pm hashtag says hes overwhelmed by the love dubai url
went for indias future
commitment vs delivery
or better to ask can a bjp pm score back num back centuries like how a congress rajyasabha member scored? emoticon url
handle liar posting fake links to malign modi this is the right link paki pig url
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url hashtag ndtv achedinaanewale
what a speech by our honourable prime minister sh. narender modi in uae at abu dhabi cricket stadium.
uae allotted land for temple
handle handle handle modi declared in uae, fighting casteism but bjp core base, ranvir senahandleszama@handle
selfies taken num only
who created terrorism? who failed num act against mafias? politicians which party better keep quite all url
if modi would have gone on a tour to villages in india instead of world tour, india would have seen the hashtag by now. hashtag
modi askin fr standing ovation fr crown prince is also the show of his own power on ppl
rt handle handle handle majority of nris here dont adhere to modi ideology being euphemistic, hashtag
handle just b coz of make popularity modi
his highness or high highness? url
handle. hmm hope for this to turn in to reality with modi in our house this is possible thats my faith on him
handle the dy mediaprsn lyk u wl strt unbiased rprtng. cz if smthng lyk ths is dn thn u ll sy y so mch mny wstd, wat is modi geting?
for those who crib about tv channels taking modi live feed must be day to die in their own sweat handle hashtag
come on hashtag watching narendra modi
i wonder what modi says to convince the other leaders to take a selfie with him.
url watching modi speak live in dubai,uaetimesnow
handle namo ach thanks sir
thats a great idea. cc handle url
even better some of the best nris brains come and take over cgrade journalists in indian msm. url
pm modi to address indians in dubai url
expect for those few who cant think above religion,most indian muslims will always support modi.
dont worry handle we indians are there for hashtag and hashtag. you hashtag need not worry
hahaha! from making derisive remarks about modi, now they have been reduced to wetting pants when modi talks at numpm! url
handle wake me up if handle ever ends up saying or writing anything remotely positive about modi
sir handle please suggest a hashtag for modis visit to dubai stadium. seems handle took down hashtag trend.
development pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok the indian express the url economy
modi is saying vary write in dubai
would it violate journalistic ethics to correct the grammar before qouting pm modis english language statements?
will nsalevel talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi url url
rt handle men are from mars & women are from venus.
inside dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
the crowd thats cheering at modis each word consists
rt handle modi tells the world to take a stand on terror & himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in o
etp pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh pm modi is likely to inaugurate t url
all credit goes to num.num billion hashtag according num hashtag in hashtag, in other way its our hashtag who had num children average.
rt handle in num handle brought desert storm in sharjah. today n modi also dealing in only fourssixes in dubai cricket stadi
rt handle will the rss now dunk modi in gaumutra to do his shuddhi karan for hugging and cohabiting with mullasdhimmis? )emoticon
snippets from pm modis inspiring address to the nation
live updates pm modi address num,num indians in dubai. url url
this is why modi government asking us to give up subsidy url
dubai already has a temple, is modi visited there earlier?
rt handle yes, we all are euphoric about national herald case getting dumped url
handle we have to show that we are making efforts for a peaceful resolution and get a seat at the un.depends which is more imp num namo
modi ji its ok for raksha bandhan
in dubai, pm modi sends out strong message against terrorism url
rt handle i had promised bangladesh premier sheikh hasina to have faith in me narendra modi
how pm narendra modis uae visit offers a new strategic edge to indias middle east policy the economic times url
there are no bhakts as such, all paid it workers of apco. url
the truth behind modi and the temple in abu dhabi url hashtag
as per the coordinator of the event, modi instructed to have a malayali to host the event, also give importance to kerala traditional arts
handle . all our news channels have become shoe shine boys of modi.
rt handle hashtag dubai chants hashtag hashtag and kejri baba it his fake award. now aapturds howbeit feeling url
sheikh i have a boyfriend.
road map for akhand bharat laid namo in uae.
prime minister narendra modi je is for all num crores citizens of hindustan. modi je emerging as world powerfull peace love loving leader
rt handle hashtag is a confused person. u r absolutely right url
the kind of reception modi is getting from expats and locals alike in uae, indian seculars and msm will need url
marhaba hashtag hashtag. temp outside num, inside stadium much more. still num hrs to start url
cricket team plays here as
pm hashtag addresses indian community in uae on his official visit woes to work for uplift of expats indians url
hashtag like handle must hv had instant orgasm on modis mosque visit but effect must have lasted few sec due num d temple
hashtag modis gift to all nri on his uae visit rtd url
dubai media on modi visit pm should listen carefully to successful indians url hashtag
mom is glued to the tv and waiting for num.num pm to watch namo marhaba . hashtag
sickulars in india after modi, modi chants in uae. hashtag url
the indian national anthem is sung as pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
rt handle first look of the stadium ready to welcome narendra modi ji hashtag url
num (numlacs) crs (num,num,num,num) deal with uae hashtag
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi on monday thanked the url
handle this is what modi govt is loota doh desh ka anaj
india has lost a golden opportunity in last num years.
rt handle pm modi now talks about india bangladesh land boundary agreement. sabne milkar bida uthaya. handle
rt handle hashtag shame on influenced by modi n sangh.thnx for waking up those who still believes in achhe din ayenge.jo
path of terror will never benefit anyone modi url via url
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi hashtag ani
modi speaking on terrorism in gulf countryhashtag at display hashtag
one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu the indian expressone trillion dollar url
really want to make a modi and hazard joke, but cant think of one. aiming for quality here.
is it possible for pm modi to isolate pakistan not just in the global community but among the islamic nations as well? genuine query
world needs to unite and fight against terrorism pm modi hashtag
modi never shed tears of suffering muslims in the country including riot victims never gave greetings to poor muslims in india hashtag
rt handle handle ,handle , handle , handle
hope modi realises the more he delays the more he loses url
handle handle handle modi only vocal and his teammate jaitley is like p.chittambaram
handle modi indian choose government thinking that u all do something gud for them rather fighting among urselvesi wish i could meet u
handle notice that namo is without skull cap. sickulars can debate
rt handle revealed modi dint visit uae for foreign relations, he went their to start off bjps kerala campaign! emoticon
modi could have sung doori sahi jaye na in atif aslam style instead of delivering speech.
be it mallus tams or punjabis .
crux of what modi is say i have been up in the air hashtag hashtag
even when a section in bjp itself want to teach modi a lesson in bihar, owaisi caught out of tune
handle so many senior (hateful) journos knew ab his trolling abilities & tats why thy were trying to block namo since num
handle all the presstitutes will be busy playing orop n the police actions against the agitated veterans, even as modi rocks in dubai
rt handle take a look at this review on implementation of the promises made by pm modi in num hashtag url
narendra modi ji in india throughout the world have elevated the head
handle he is modi, not god
handle just to smile url
modi modi modi modi chants the stadium listening to the artistic and the opportunistic orator in handle hashtag
uae is mini hashtag. hashtag
rt handle handle if modi says something good about islamgandhi, dil se nahi lena hai.
ashutosh govarikars next movie will be based on pm modis speeches.
rt handle modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to facilitate regula url
handle now u talk like bhakt.is it ur contention tht bjp including modi did not hype black money?did rajnath not mention num days?
rt handle thanks to modi.
and then bhakts says modi became pm to work for common people hashtag
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights url url
modi rest of india century
modi has arrived on stage in dubai. all the anchors and news channel staff can lock their building, go for dinner & come back in num.num hrs
nobody can beat modi in marketing india nobody in the world may url
handle everybody knows that modis backhand team is good at event management. much hype & little substance
rt handle next goalpost = modi has no influence outside earth. url
best quote in modis speech we dont look at the colour of passport. the colour of our blood is enough hashtag url
i wud lyk num thnx ol my brdrs & sstrs who gthrd der url
rt handle modi in dubai live indian prime minister concludes speech url
rt handle totally mesmerizing speech of hashtag in dubai , first time ive hearing the whole speech by any of political leader. chaa
mood in india changes as narendra modis shine fades url url via handle
rt handle the guy in front was so enthusiastically chanting modi modi almost jumping off his seat . hashtag url
handle modis love slap on our ex government
nobody trolls better than pm modi url
rt handle goosbumps pic hashtag
hashtag i bow to indian in dubai. handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
handle handle handle modis vizn z clear;declared frm lalkilatoo many laws hamper gud governancesayspmfascism in offing
sanjeev chaturvedi exposed corruption in aiims ,nadda who ousted him rewarded with health ministry by modi. url
handle good that ppl like u & rajdeep dont hide ur hatred for modi & love for ak. did not hear ur take on ak show on num aug.
handle there must be some reason for this. only modi knows what is going in his mind, prince.
modi returning from uae url
rt handle it took num years for an indian pm to visit nepal which is less than num minutes away from delhi pm modi hashtag
there is something so wrong in the way the indian media portrays hashtag. hes the indian pm only when he is in foreign land.
rt handle i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the
world k top num leaders ki salary kitna pata he ?
arnab is angery news rundown at newshour is sacrificed for modi speech
may i congratulate the person who designed that last montage with all those performers before hashtag arrival? it was beautiful hashtag
dubai international cricket stadiumwell
ache din,rupee tumbling.ache din for the govt as fdi comes and better encashment .lao modi jee dollar lao.hashtag ho.hashtag bhi ho sakta hai
rt handle just in pm modi ji will reach in num mins from now hashtag
rally > jumla > foreign tour > silence > repeat
narendra modi can make impossible things possible, only pm who can turn words into deeds. url
uae announced land for temple
rt ndtv people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. track live updates here url url
rt handle press conference of foreign secretary on the eve of pm modis visit url
dubai gets ready for mega modi moment url
bharat mata ki jai hashtag
every word resonates with every true indians feeling. great article sir. url
rt handle uae allots land for temple on handle visit
dear mr. modi, i want to retire.
namo & aamir khan have been sending out message through their campaigns to keep the country clean, yet our citizens fail to fulfill it.
rt handle hashtag dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
handle handle it shows that they have no focus on thr own workeven aftr being in power thr only job is crying over modi
cong says that modi speaks ill of india on foreign visits, sorry speaking agnst a party isnt spking ill of nation, confused ? hashtag
bjp sources say pm modi likely to announce a special package for bihar tomorrow
numk regn to hear namo against numk seats in dubai
hashtag those outraging abt hashtag lethargy remark in hashtag, what did hashtag do against hashtag wen he was hashtag ? hashtag
see how indian ex army officers cursing nerender modi watch free all tv programs. apna tv zone url
unbelievable n great response from dubai people for modi
rt handle seculars worried so much after modi ji visited to uae. but dont worry guys burnol is on the way.
modi got the nuances right. ample praise of the royals and that too with the right titles. hashtag
rt dna live hashtag watch indian diaspora recreate madison squarelike event for modi speech url
after nestle, ftil hire
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice president and prime minist
rt handle i bow to this prime minister ! hashtag url
rt handle modi is the second indian to be greeted with such applause in dubai cricket stadium, first is obviously sachin tendulkar.
in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror
yes. biggest ever market num any products made or num any services offered. like num country in a mega pack . url
rt handle modi is truely a world leader, whole world accepts it, except few hashtag
num odi and now num modi hashtag hashtag url
one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi
is this the gamechanger event hashtag marhaba modi
handle im in dubai at the moment at the modi mania is at its peak.entire mallu community of uae seems to have taken the day off today
hashtag addressing numk indians, sung national anthem, crowds goes chanting modi modi hashtag
rt handle hashtag recalls his time of chai selling hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle when vajpayee was pm, india had conducted nuclear tests & the world was shocked.many were even angry pm hashtag
hashtag marhaba namo num,num indians attend the mega event at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
handle handle handle handle handle daffer if yhe credential of adani is good not require modi to press sbi
getting such a great audience is really great thing
bhaiya log from bihar r crying their heart out after watching a rocking namo showcant match him evernot in this birth! hashtag
handle seculars see who is chanting modi modi modi ?
handle handle handle this is what all abt mass leader. modi the national mass leader after rajiv.
its numpm here. programme will start at num and modi is scheduled to come at num. already num people in the stadium
handle handle yes;modi spoke on every issue;terrorism,unsc seat,naga accord,nepal,bangladesh,fdi&indias demographic dividend;bravo
pm modi asks indian diaspora to give standing ovation to his highness crown prince of abu dhabi for alloting land url
modi rubs salt over fuming congress again by mentioning the same line again that it took num yrs for pm to come here. says lots left over me
with talks in tajikistan, modi winds up central asia tour url url
my predecessors left a lot of good things for me to do, including my hashtag & hashtag visit pm handle liveurl
modification no tokenism, no appeasement, just social empowerment of minorities. hashtag
modi is such a talented speaker. always a treat to listen to.
where were you when god was distributing brain? url
rt handle hashtag rocked with that malayalam wishes to keralites hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle yes yes. possible to kill hundreds, get political cover. were doing it already. hashtag url
hashtag the best hashtag of today.biharis saying modi attended misque in dubai, because he wants to win in bihar hahaha
rt handle uae giving guard of honour to narendra modi. damn a perfect burnol moment for seculars & adarsh liberals
rt handle live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it modi url
hashtag congress hits out at pm modi for his barb on foreign soil that he inherited lethargy from previous govts
samajnewale samaj jayenge modi on joint statement against terror by india and uae. great dig at pakistan!
hashtag hashtag india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investment bloomberg url
everytime modi ji makes a trip somewhere.
the dismal state of indian labourers in uae had modi really worried hashtag found at url
spectators brave more than num degrees of heat to get inside the dubai cricket stadium to listen pm, narendra modis address. hashtag
rt handle such a huge crowd in dubai cricket stadium, cant say modi is giving speech or sachin tendulkar is batting.
handle handle handle handle handle why modi is in dubai. read it here @ url
international begger (bhikari) url
rt handle pm modi says dubai is not only mini india, but a mini world too hashtag
modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate after all, dont we know the url
handle so does that mean namo is great success? what r d results of his earlier foreign trips?
to give an estimate handle attracted a crowd of num in its concert in dubai, namo above num,num. url
rt handle handle as a defence wife soon to be a veteran and mother of a def officer,can say psts no longer about orop but only an
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag this blog says modi will be a good pm of india is that true url pls rt
rt handle what else is expected from him, modi doesnt that best when given a chance handle url
handle like it or not no one sees mulayum , lalu, cpm , mamata or even nitish as replacement to modi , hard fact digest it
rt handle modi warning pakistan on arab soil in a large public gathering if you believe in your ideaunbelievable things happen
ed finds no proof against sonia, rahul url this proves instead of namo jai italy chant works handle handle
why doesnt modi use a micromax instead of his iphone for his selfie diplomacy?hashtag
modi magic in dubaithe people are clapping on each word with enchantment during the speech,
thank you our pmnamo n thank you my friend honable mla abhishek ji matoria ji
rt handle tonight i have the privilege to cook dinner in honor of our prime minister shri narendra modi ji.
rt handle frankly speaking it is modi all the way in bihar part num the analysis of voting patterns url
live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, emigrate portal madad for indian migrants url
well known what hashtag & the hashtag he belongs to stands for; yet this overwhelming warmth shown by our salafi princes comes as no surprise.
awesome speech, elated. hashtag
url handle presence speaks louder than words
namo is hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadium hashtag hashtag feeling proud
hashtag hashtag indiannazi in one dinner, modi make jihadi eat pure veg! imagine what happen if namo shift there and eat with them for r
rt handle pm modi crown prince of abu dhabi supported indias demand for un sec council seat
rt handle were modern about gay rights. but well make fun of this as we can stoop to any level to be antimodi liberals url
handle and im shocked at your insanity sir modi doesnt have magic wand, patience, if he fails we will kick namo out handle
rt handle still modi went for riots in num, murderer!
pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan url
low cost mobile device maker datawind will add num manufacturing units in india for contributions in modis hashtag hashtag ? handle
in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur.
live indian ambassador hosts pm narendra modi at a reception in dubai url hashtag hashtag url
rt handle num crore indians not a market, but a source of power, pm modi says in uae url
pm modi uae tour is very important our country
rt handle sad fr thm who cant make it to the stadium.still all respect to those who tried their best to come.hashtag url
best line of modi speech url
hashtag crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url hashtag hashtag
what a speech of namo in dxb. good going. num.num lakh crores rs investment by uae in india. hashtag handle handle
rt handle guys have sympathy to handle handle handle handle handle they are in deep trauma url
rt handle sickukar must see dis pic who says muslims will nvr like pm modi!secular slap to sickular! hashtag hashtag url
modi is back in candidate mode. candidate modi is awesome. only wish pm modi were as proactive as candidate modi.
pm handle issues warning to pakistan from dubai
according to sanjay jha all these people attending marhaba modi are bought in trucks from kochi url
amazed at handle website autoplaying modis speech
modi asks crowd to give standing ovation to uaes crown prince for alloting land to temple. people oblige. handle
pm modi is such a good guy i hope we get someone like him as president
handle ask mr singhvi about congress mp petitioning obama to deny visa to modiwhat was that?
no photoshop this is hashtag rocks hashtag hashtag hashtag url
the modi worldview continues to build a coherent geopolitical strategy for india hashtag
rt handle muslims residing in uae hv more faith on modi then residing in india & thats why dubai stadium has become madison squa
modi hashtag at hashtag cricket stadium and he say thanks to crown prince of url
hashtag modi dubai is not only mini india, it is mini world
rt handle pm modi crown prince supported indias demand for un security council seat
except tendulkar i hvnt seen anyone carrying this much hope in his shoulders in any field of life
i am missing tv now for live tv of modi ji speech.
hashtag cultural show at dubai cricket stadium ahead of narendra modis arrival hashtag hashtag url
as sharp as ever as blunt as ever another must read url
uae to invest $numb in india. magic modi! url
rt handle when maldives faced drinking water crisis, we helped them pm modi
rt handle true, hashtag hashtag url
modi announced num.num lakh crore investments from dubai govt
who cares! when modi on a song with the diaspora rtp url
ice breaking meeting will enable discussions on some important issues nsa of pak. url
this visit modi ji just with his mosque visit n speech trolled congis hashtag n media morons big time emoticon hashtag
hashtag best best ever speech by namo. namah
handle veterans are tired of yr rhetoric , pls walk the talk. hashtag. url
handle and it was modis disney world moment. nothing more.
put your hands up in the air! url
damn, was in a meeting fighting with builder to speed up project as delayed>numyears. missed hashtag. father called up to tell namo rocked
rt handle meanwhile pappu is saving india & indians from modi by taking a double dose of drugs & planning his next holiday hashtag
its a houseful ! dubai cricket stadium resounding with modimodiincredible atmosphere. hashtag hashtag url
live hashtag watch crowds chant modi, modi as they await his speech url
modi ji plz invite me too
rt handle modi evoked hashtag in his last iday speech. now, hashtag protestors and farmers have got beaten up url
handle handle what a stupid modi
handle kashmiris are not modis people, you are wrong in your approach to begin with.
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle modi cant travel long by keeping feets in
matchless dear leader url
rt handle who is he? url
handle suggestion already being made in other forums. everything modi govt does is hyperchankian strategery
handle it is sad that d media still think namo is interested in any development!
live watch narendra modis speech in dubai
for what are we praising him url
modi is playing with their minds hashtag
handle handle even if ppl so that, how can we blame namo or his policy for it?
pm modi addressing mini world today world is watching him url
rt handle jame masjid of dilli and narendra modi what an interesting shot from todays toi. url
handle its modi magic
rt handle people from all over the world have come here to dubai pm modi url
rt handle forget about opposition and haters even the biggest celebrities of the world would envy modis fame
this is really paid crowd as they obey modis orders. hashtag
handle motherson duo will ensure that namo does not get to address parliament peacefully. so no point on his even attending it.
pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi hashtag
modi may be criminally charged for instigating hashtag to commit suicide handle handle
is this bhakt insinuating that handle consciously chose not to visit mosques in india? handle url
handle even modi ji talking about development n other things n going to mosque toh start kr de support krna
inviting rss & bjp both in debates by paid news channels with favorable journalists to bjp or rss. paid proves&confirms their favor to modi.
bjpnumtamilnadu rt isupportnamo pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai (photo courtesy ani)
rt handle modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential url url
uae cricket stadiums witnessed great indian innings twice
modi now talks about make in india, skill india, digital india. handle
why does modi ji suffer from mutism at home and verbal diarrhoea abroad?
hashtag diaspora around the world looked forward to the onceayr hashtag; but here we have a pm engaging them directly
one man show incredible narendra damodardas modi hashtag
handle if only modi listens to himself rather then ajs & babus, it can be announced tomorow.
congress flays modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url hashtag
instead of being selfish modi cud also invited some pakis to the dubai stadiumit wud hv been a warm gesture hashtag handle
hashtag hashtag in hashtag num things you must know
handle handle handle narinder modi right work for india.thanks for narinder modi sir
hashtag modi if yure not voting him in the next elections,yure a first class idiot
.handle were you listening to handle or mms? it depends on that if pm modi, then you must have understood unless you are
rt handle hashtag chants welcome pm handle hashtag
hashtag we would love to be called bharat sarkar and not modi sarkar
looking forward to listen pm modi live from dubai at numpmindia is also curious to listen him as dubai is waiting hashtag
in zerosum game of indopak relations, wondering if modis apparently successful uae visit signify a loss for pak
handle more than num,num nonresident indians listento pm modi as he speaks at dubaicricketstadium salute to our pm repspectes narendra modi
indian pm modi offers uae $numtn investment optionstvnumpartnum url
rt handle handle, you are strategically deviating modi focus to uae.
why he is telling these things in dubai. hashtag hashtag url
prime minister, shri narendra modi, httpemoticon
rt handle hashtag modi dubai is not only mini india, it is mini world
this has to be modi s best. even by his standards.
handle hashtag this is the modi magic. url hashtag hashtag
rt handle modis middle east policy should focus on migrant labourers too, writes handle
hashtag pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium hashtag
thank you so much ~ handle
rt handle hashtag r more worried for what modi ji is doing idiots look at the condition of delhi, made it garbage. hashtag
hashtag hashtag popularity today is like hashtag in th nums. whatever he touched, turned num gold. ditto hashtag. hashtag
what freedoms do we really have, mr prime minister?
i am proud of my pm url
are are are are aaj to modi ji ne seculars pe chautarfa hamla kar diyabass sir kuch candle march k lia zinda chor de hashtag
such great speech of narendra modi in dubai. we all are luckey to have him. he is such a great leader.
concert advisory keep chanting modi modi nd win a chance to take selfie with modi hashtag
handle sir what a amazing personality you are. wonderful speech given in uae. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
proud to be an indian keep going handle hashtag
handle appreciating modis shows was congress shows their activities like it.earlier celebrities given autograph, now pm giving selfi
marhaba namo im watching live event via internet. feeling happy and proud by watching my brothers & sisters living in uae. hashtag
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime url
handle goes on and on in dubai like a tape recorder but still hasnt uttered a word on the lalit modi issue. hashtag hashtag
pm modis dubai speech key highlights times of india times of indiapm modis dubai speech ke url hashtag
indian pm modi offers uae $numtn investment options url hashtag
dear handle yr leaders never tried to boost the self respect of indians like handle is doing url
never has the hashtag echoed so often on foreign air. ever since hashtag took over. give him credit for that
rt handle narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium to address the crowd url url
rt handle bewakoofon taj mahal kyu jate hain vip ! architecture marvel ,so abu dhabhi mosque ,y try to speculate on modi visit !
handle chup be! watch modi on tv
i added a video to a handle playlist url modi address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium
rt handle its never before marhaba modi all the way in dubai. handle hashtag hashtag
rt handle i will save pakistan from modi n rss rahul gandhi
rt handle handle very true doc.
pics what chef sanjeev kapoor prepared for narendra modis special dinner in uae url hashtag via handle
bheekh raja se mangi jati hai na ki url
rt handle handle narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir hashtag
i know you have many complaints regarding embassy (crowd answers no), its good if you dont have any, but in case you have pm modi
till then cong would drown. url
handle modi gets the attemtion because he commands respect
modi name chanters, stage, silently sitting muslims with skullcaps etc. hashtag
speechless after listening hashtag speech in hashtag what a hashtag he is ! hashtag
these days news channels are focusing on two personalities for trp ride.
expecting all my indian friends residing in dubai are going for one of the unforgettable speech by shri narendra modihonorable pm of india
rt handle obama admin argues against release of hunger striking hashtag detainee (via handle) url
rt handle pm narendra modi departs from abu dhabi for dubai on the second leg of his uae visit url
num,num+ people at that dubai stadium for modis speech. vella people. tch. hashtag
handle handle namo spoke to indians. while indians r thrilled, secular indians will find it difficult to swallow
rt handle this is from one of bjp and pm modis strongest supporters on twitter! url
we sent drinking water to hashtag through flights pm handle hashtag url url
modi is no doubt the biggest celebrity in world as of now even obama or any rockstar currently no match! url
rt handle modi gets num.num lakh crores investment promise from crown prince.lol handle that must be still less that looted amount.
^~^ pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments
rt handle no reference to sharjah. bleddy elitist modi.
indiauae joint statement carries a strong message against terrorism. its a clear hint to those who indulge in terror pm narendra modi
modi knows how to attack on emotions.
dubai cricket stadium providing a glimpse of what handle will look like in midnovember? hashtag url
modi sceptics emoticon are an impotant voice too url
handle handle handle thats modi lovers$ amazing
rahul gandhi, did he still not get impressed by namo?
handle proud of our honourable pm narendra modi, indias first efficient and strong pm, doing great job
rt handle modi ji this is you who make me believe that india can overcome from corrupt system.
pm modis dubai speech key highlights the times of india url via handle
pm narendra modi offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to hashtag handle url
rt handle hashtag pm modi announces startup india initiative to encourage entrepreneurship url
handle y nt ask owaisi how many temple he visted for aarti&tilak on his forehead.hell againt his religion&but for modi different rule
rt handle our pm modi loves his countrymen so much, hes making sure he goes around the world meeting every indian settled abroad.
apco, now seem to be go to pr agency for cos with hopeless legal tangles
perpetual hatred and events of last numhrs has scarred her completely. url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai url
of course bhutan hashtag
northeast india used to be a victim of terror for long, before independence, and this slowly spread to rest of india modi
handle handle handle handle in our country those who didnt vote modi, feeling their ass burnt today and they need burnol.
foundation with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list url
handle after all modi is modi
live you are enhancing indias pride pm modi tells indians in dubai url
namo may be hashtag from last num.num yrs but gandhinehrus are hashtag since num august num. sorry to inc supporters but this is truth
handle handle handle congress thinks if modi is let to do work ,career of pappu is finished for ever.better num oppose early.
when i look back! url
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was he pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked handle url
nagaland was dealing with insurgency for a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in northeastern region pm modi via ani
modi ji u r one man army hashtag
handle trying figure out zeros in num.num lakh crores promised from uae visit of namo. hashtag url
wah modi ji wah kya mara pakistan ko url
theatrics of polity goes a long in cementing diplomatique interest of state hashtag url
rt handle numk regn to hear namo against numk seats in dubai
absolutely sir. points hes quoting are facts and in practice not just marketing. those efforts will change scenario url
all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to anybody says modi
modis one line of malayalamgot him thousands of keralite die hard fans url
hashtag i dont care if modi talked facts tonite or not but his speech was music to the ears emoticon *presstitutes will disagree as usual
modi travelling everyone, from pakistan to congress.
handle modi arab overtures and its possible implications on the region.
rt handle first degree hashtag c everything numst in modi(visited islam country).brush ur memory at num janpath. hashtag h
sif creating awareness about law misuse across the globe.
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united arab e url
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple there are nearly num.num million indians in uae. a number url
lol rt handle android m is not modi, whats the use of having an indian ceo at google.
modi and the muslim world
rt handle hashtag india hands over dawood dossier. pm modi talks trade, hunts dawood. india seeks lockdown on d assets.
watch handle wps sidhu now on cnnibn analysing pm modis speech to num indians in dubai
extension denial to psu heads hurting morale, says ongcs exchairman rs sharma to pm modi url hashtag hashtag hashtag
congress attacks modi on his legacy remarks in uae
handle handle handle no they are not all modi ordered godra
big support for modi ji also big no of indian muslim present cheering . failed state hashtag handle handle url
visits to a nation which describes itself as islamic monarch
rt handle no one in govt claimed credit when uae donated land for gurudwara and hindu temple in num url
just think about pakistan after narendra modis speech in uae you will feel pity for them with a smile on face
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has num capacity. how can it holds num people. bjp and modi said lie .shame modi. dubai stadium no
handle this namo uae visit is so overwhelming a deserved slap on the face of pseudo secularists url
after clean india, digital india, skill india, make in india, pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion url
hashtag how twitterati reacted to narendra modis dubai visit via handle url
modimodithe great indin pmuae visit poerfull visit.
cong attacks modi on his legacy remarks in uae url url
they will never understand that he is uniting indians all over the world like never before
handle handle akbar saheb has created series of num portraits of pm reflecting
hashtag should wear handle jersey for tonight to please hashtag he will invest double. idea by handle
well have our hey ram moments all over again. actually oppns hate for modi is same as that of pak for india
hashtag watching narendra modi
rt handle dear handle & handle please lower down the volume of your tv, that modimodimodimodi could give heart a
amazing crowd shouting modi modi modi!
rt handle south australia extends support to pm modis pet project of clean ganga
modi not told in dubai to the indian peoples, on num august pak fired on citizens , then did not took action against. url
is there an armani pepper paneer kaliya? url
handle liberals and seculars waiting for the end of modi magic hashtag url
handle you want people to mock modi on food coz i cant stand people mocking modi on crime n corruption.
east or west modi is best
hashtag.this modi rockshow will make him a hero amongst kerala nri s in dubai.bad luck for commies and congress
criticise, laugh, bully, write against , create anti lobby ,nothing dampens modi. just crusing ahead the way he wants.
did i miss the modi speech in dubai? what time is it happening? hashtag
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights ndtv ndtvi am witnessing a miniind url
hashtag hashtag emoticon
we proud as a indian cos namo guide us hashtag url
hashtag what a rocking show of hashtag in dubai cricket ground
his highness was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive pm modi hashtag
hope modi does some chest thumping on farmer suicides,falling economy n increasing crimes n communal riots during
memorandum to respected shri narendra modi ji prime minister india to do. url hashtag
hahahha burnol shud make modi its brand ambassador free of cost marketing url
uff garmi with mix namo flavored hashtag url
couldnt agree more jai ho url
rt handle hate modi all you want but if you want pappu as your pm then i seriously doubt your sanity! or you have other options?
so true. wonder what queen troll handle says url
^~^ thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modis speech
modi inherited lethargy & indecisiveness he himself confessed in dubai [ idhar bhi dna, kyun hashtag ]
and he will ensure that you can get the insured amount soon! url
national anthem of both the nations sung and the speech has just begun. modi ji appreciates all the expats for their hard work
modi kicking pakistan at their adopted cricket home groundwithout even playing against pakistan hashtag
rt handle we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but were going forward with it pm modi url
yes only foreign investment helps to increase economic stability n remove poverty.dear indians understand this url
rt handle modi proved one thing today straight.
interested in building a legacy? build homes for the homeless & sports arenas for the youth. not temples around the world. hashtag hashtag
modi speaks in malayalam. power of the gelf mallus
hashtag at the stadium waiting for namo url
why doesnt he visit indian mosques?
dont use modi jis name in order to show your hate for pakistan. stay in your limits you gawaar url
rt handle hashtag with the right notes and right points sir modis speech enthralls the audience as usual emoticon
handle handle well said n before converting into islamthey will saymodi should learn how to write urdu hashtag
except maybe cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi. url
rt handle im bringing it up as an ex that every conflict can only be resolved through peaceful dialogue pm modi hashtag url
after yakub, its turn of kodnani, bajrangi, aseemanand. right? rthandle pm rtterrorists must be given maximum possible punishment
rt handle rt msrana ed has stopped investigation of sonia gandhi & rahul gandhi in national herald case. so, modi has reached
num years ago its was sachin tendulkar who single handedly took over the cricket stadium in uae and today its narendra modi! hashtag
rt handle terrorism has no definition and seems to have no limitations narendra modi
namo is saying all the things in uae that are forbidden to say in india rtd
not antipoor but a lot has been done in the favour of bigggg corporates and top industrialists url
handle in dubai! dubai cricket stadium. cross section of india gathered!
boss the modi , modi chant is too good and killing for adarsh liberal
rt handle rahul uses a paper chit to make three monkeys attack on pm modi in parliament handle
pm modi a true patriot works relentlessly inspires fellow country men what a speech respect
cbc.ca pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast times of india new delhi prime minister narendra url
uae tweeps and cultural commentators fawning over modi, pretty soon it will be netanyahu. thank god we dont have to suffer that shit
handle handle tough stand on terrorism. without mentioning pakistan not even single time. dawood ko bhi ishaara diya. namo u rocks
this man is simply amazing! a rockstar pm! namo \ hashtag
charisma of namo getting bigger & bigger. hashtag hashtag hashtag
urgent need of burnol for handle plz help modi ji
modi says fdi in india has increasd by num in d last few months. india is ful of oportunities, reiterated modi while adresing indians in uae
rt handle cc home ministry, defense ministry. more info, in case youre still struggling. url
handle pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
no one can match modi ji
rt handle wht is it handle? uae being the numth muslim destination visited by pm modi doesnt suit ur anti minority narrativ
celebrated political analyst.lok url
we fudged gdp data, farmer suicide data. i did my best to ensure those you send money to lost land more easily url
hashtag once a hashtag leader said modi ko gujrat ke bahar janta kaun haihe should look hashtag cricket stadium.
rt handle modi fever grips dubai wherever modi goes the roar follows hashtag
rt handle pm modi people working here have contributed in increasing indias pride
rt handle i liked a handle video url marhaba namo forward together hashtag
as long as this modi govt is in power orop will never be granted to veterans.
rt handle modi ji can give us num lakhs from this account and later when he gets black money back he can give it back to prince https
more than num flights come to dubai every weekbut it took num year to an indian pm to come here. ~ pm modis speech in dubai. hashtag
rt handle within a few hours, india did whatever it could to help nepal narendra modi
rt handle ye pm hai ya hakeem emoticon
modi visits various countries just to count the number of nris staying there.
modi is silent coz he doesnt want to give opposition a chance to throw muck at him. dont engage, seem above everything, keep clean image
unlike modi govt who will train thm num beg n sing propaganda h
just heard modis speech it was awsome nd what mass crowd . really special for malayali handle
picnum modi giving speech on num august num ! url
rt handle sahara chief has asked lalit modi to sell his hotel & assets in london! wow! as per govt he is a fugitive & sahara chief is tr
getting investment from cash rich hashtag is essential for growing hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
why on earth hashtag want to cover a marketing gimmick in dubai stage managed by hashtag url
sly slap from z anchor when she said modi didnt look down for a note even once in num mins hashtag
hashtag reporter on news nation asks a kid why she came to listen modi, girl replies mujhe modi ji ke jokes bahot pasand hai.
handle ache din and rupee came tumbling afterache din for the govt as fdi comes and better encashment lao modi jee dollar lao
u get and publish mainly such news journalism of courage))))) url
joint statement between the united arab emirates and the republic of india hashtag hashtag
uae has supported indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi proud of you hashtag
agree could have been handled better when principally its approved a fix deadline would give confidence url
num num cr (world bank data)
credit must be given to our pm modi url
rt handle so many indian gathering to meet pm sends clear msg num world dat how rich is india in human resource hashtag httpsemoticon
modi ji india of today is created by you after num.num.num.
rt handle earlier we heard slogans like want num n num in tht stadium,numday its hashtag chant,single hand bowling,battinghashtag marha
marhaba modifirst ever temple in dubaithats modi magic
handle sir u swing bothe ways some time mody is feku and some time modi is powerfull man whole india knows whos give promiss never prov
and also there is no lalit modi in the modi event hashtag
rt handle modi must wear skull cap to support islam. if you go by this logic then he should also wear a saree to support women. hashtag
url even congressi cant resist and giving compliments
handle inside dubai stadium. going to witness modi magic live. very happy.
the whole world is in love with modi n what he represents development.it is only the commies, liberals n congis whore spkng ill of him.
it is sad that modi needs to chant his achievements. was supposed to be the job of the media.
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium prime minister narendra mo url hashtag hashtag
pretty sure she wont be convinced even if modi converts to islam url
hashtag modi ji desh ki shaan
give a standing ovation to the crown prince of uae pm modi tells people at dubai cricket url url
modi storm in uae will blow away the opponents and pseudo seculars emoticon
handle is for the ones who said nobody knows mr modi outside gujarat my friends waited for numhr in numdeg,what say? handle
looks to me modi is using the dubai platform to give a reportcard speech to indians back home.
rt handle handle frankly i m happy seeing this jumlababu trend. shows how pissed congi morons n aaptards r with modis uae success.
rt handle handle dont worry the exclusive hashtag circus will move to another country
pm modi shields mms & fm arun jaitley shields nh culprits.
live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says pm modi url
switching between channels. modi channel sounds like tendulkar batting in power play, not sure abt final result though. hashtag
rt handle pm narendra modi visits uae mosque in conciliatory gesture to muslims url hashtag
rt handle the hotel guy in new york, a mexican, gave us cookies calling them sweet kachoris he kept speaking about modis ny even
rt handle since yesterday i have been thinking and feeling ashamed that it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi
tough to find such leaders in a terrorist country.
he has changed many equationswhile many desi patrakaars r locked up in their hatred . pity url
no matter which placebut when modi start speech
modiji was waiting for this command, approval from brinda karat. now he has to oblige. my foot url
hashtag with namo, india arrives on the world scene, a luminous, radiant, positive nation out to reclaim its ancient glory.
development is the need of the hour in east and north east india; we are bolstering infrastructure in the region pm modi hashtag
i hope modi wont attack on congress or raise any domestic issue in this unlike past which has a bit of dampening effect.
rt handle meet narendra modis mosque man who made the sheikhs roll out red carpet for pm.
narendra modi ~ the most dynamic prime minister that india has ever witnessed hashtag
one modi is enough to destroy whole congress.abudhabi prince agreed to invest rsnumlakh crores in india.modi highlights abt trust.masterstroke
rt handle visuals from modis event. where are those who said if modi becomes pm, aag lag jayegi! url
rt handle apparently last pm was allowed to work only at room temp of num degree celsius. num deg wld had fried his circuits? url
how can dynasty allow modi to sit in a chair prince got as birth right? try hard to throw him out by any means)) url
rt handle hashtag this is the modi magic. aaptards enough of burnol now u guys apply zhandu balm thanxhandle http
handle handle modi ka foorti dekho describe the atmosphere at the dubai cricket ground. a big thank you, tweets pm. waapas
handle this meeting is scheduled on the backdrop of real first visit to israel by indian pm narendra modi.this is the main reason.
rt handle message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit elevat url via
pm modi offers num trillion investment opportunity to uae see more at url url
narendra modi is such a powerful orator
handle modiji when you will punish asiaandrassi she enjoyingterroristactivities openly chalanging modi pdp govt only fukridahaden kabtak?
rt handle narendra modi is a peoples pm. emoticon hashtag url
handle handle modi visit only originals
handle handle embarrassed by pm hashtag activity your opinion on such embarrassment. url
they way indians are showing passion to meet modi is great! i wonder, will we pakistani do the same if nawaz come?
otherwise what does modi proposes? he will be lynched if he shows disrepect. the crown prince is not swaraj or raje url
pls bring washing machine from dubai
ohhh hooo ummat muslima url
rt handle handle ugh ugh am busy with the malt that is single, no inclination to watch namo in dxb or elsewhere
modis chhutti kar doonga moment will get rid of terrorism like this hashtag
rt handle hahaha! from making derisive remarks about modi, now they have been reduced to wetting pants when modi talks at numpm! https
rt handle pm modi in uae india, uae to cooperate in counter terrorism ops, intelligence sharing hashtag
nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai url url
rt handle lawyer in sc lalitkmodi had mandate to vet bids for properties. modi advised hashtag on sale of offshore assets
the worlds perception has changed towards india. the credit goes to num crore indians and not to modi hashtag hashtag
prime minister narendra modi said india was proud of expatriate indians settled and working in the uae
pm modi attacks previous
see how indian ex army officers cursing nerender modi url
rt handle hashtag if he (modi) has such a great agenda, he has to deliver tom vadakkan
modi ji is a biggest trend setter today who is doing what all indian public is understanding fully. who are against should understand
your channel is best of best
indiaunited arab emirates modi woos key gulf trade partner url
handle handle handle i hope so but still modi sir didnt noticed me emoticon
looks like handle is hashtag. please go get a life and stop obsessing about modi! handle handle hashtag
hashtag courage and conviction to talk against terror in middle east. well modi just did it.
rt handle namo vs rajdeep strictly in that order! url
pm modi during his visit to masdar city choicest images prime minister narendra modis twoday visit to uae t url
whatever the situation may be, the solution to everything is through dialogue hashtag modi
its a fact everyone wants modi as pm at center hashtag
some as usual over hype things
thats the power of india , thats the power of namo hashtag url
dubai save it! more than half of our income already goes back to kerala.
handle modi ji i wish before i die.i want to see you
handle it is astonishing that most of learned peoplepoliticians and even exservicemen are unable to read mr. modi, pm, correctly.
i think all politicians must have this disease namomonia handle handle handle handle url
lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals business standard url
handle yes you are right. modi government cheated india
global community should reject states supporting terrorism pm hashtag url url
the convoluted logic of modi in dxb is exactly the kind of thinking that saw isis spread across syria and iraq
full house at the cricket stadium. . despite the humidity handle hashtag url
and bhaiyo aur bhehno
pm modi takes a jibe at pakistan regarding its state sponsored terrorism. says uaeindia will cooperate against terrorism. hashtag
rt handle they way indians are showing passion to meet modi is great! i wonder, will we pakistani do the same if nawaz come?
our very intelligent, intellectual, scholar, pms mind blowing speech url
sleepless night for modi critics this happening in muslim country url
rt handle anand sharma will say inc got this money url
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin the economic times on mobile url
rt handle pm modi addresses crowd at dubai cricket stadium. live url
hashtag crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url url
rt handle my respect is the respect to the indians living here, and to indias changed image narendra modi
aie launches direct flight for sharjah from varanasi on the concluding day of prime minister narendra modis url
handle investment of num billion usd is going to be disbursed now on priority. modi knows how to encash.
im sure that by the end of this speech, crown prince will give up his delegation to modi. hashtag
rt handle a new scheme incentivising hashtag fans and air conditioners to be launched soon by the modi hashtag url
handle they are timid inside but show brave outside,fattu modi,
handle can i dare anger you! ? phamily phirst. namo second!
handle bilkul hati chal raha hai which is pakistan. its only modi who is barking in a muslim country
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai
we started handle. we are asking the world to come and make in indiathere are many opportunities pm modi hashtag
handle handle handle modi came on the scene as a rock star.now time for the pyrotechnniques to begin to get the show rocking .
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle namo has g
i saw the live program from dubai stadium. national anthem and the great welcome will feel proud to all indian.thanks modi ji
time for decisive battle against terrorism pm narendra modi url
cultural show at hashtag cricket stadium ahead of narendra modis arrival to address the indian community in the url
pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of uss madison sqaure as he addres
you just cant miss this hashtag listening to narendra modi
handle truth hurts, i can understand. handle u dont suggest any thing sir,bcoz bhakts r in ful hangovr on hashtag
modi in full form today. burnol sales r sky rocket hashtag
we are proud of you hashtag
modi departs from dubai tonight itself, no overnight stay. arab sheikhs love num things. dont want to elaborate more on this.
handle handle why cong is jealous of modi who is attaining great hight in foreign policy for nations better tomorrow?
dear modi ji, aapka speech sun raha tha, light chali gayi, now plz comeback, india needs you more than dubai.
there r days like these ( hashtag) when i dont quite like what modi is doing. then i rem people who oppose him.
does modi really believe that everybody else is a fool to believe all his lies and bluffs all the time!
hashtag hashtag pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi url handle
dubai stadium half packed hours before modis speech
handle electrifying al india is really gud announcement,if happens india wil run faster than china in economy&namo wil bcome defacto pm.
pm narendra modi acknowledges the bluecollared indian community, meets with over num workers url
rt handle when have you seen our prime minister sharing details of his bilateral talks with us. i can remember vajpayee and now modi
.handle handle modi in the gulf url via handle
ndtv this love, this respect is not for an individual. this is respect for indias chan url url
.arun jaiitaly does it again handle keep dreaming that you can make congress mukt or corruption mukt bharat. url
so now new question some folks are asking on twitter will modi wear skull cap in india dont know when such folks will get brain.
i am not a member in any political party but i like modi as pm .dont know why it maybe my faith he can do something handle
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle url
rt handle oops. he was the one who halted it for years. remember bangladesh eam travelling to gandhi nagar for his support? emoticon https
to cut hair javed habib
rt handle mms used to condemn blasts attacks in india url
temples in other countries are not safe. hashtag url
there is no doubting that narendra modi is a crowd puller. he has been proving this time and time again hashtag
modi arrives people chanting hashtag hashtag
raj kapoor must be feeling angry in heaven url
rt handle modis uae visit is the numst by an indian pm in num years!
it is in there interest. who would see anything else ? hashtag hashtag url
rt handle dishes from last nights dinner for pm narendra modi ji & crown prince mohammed bin zayed bin sultan al nahyan
filmy, if i have to sum up modis speech hashtag
namo is a leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.hashtag hashtag
modi ji taking each breath for bright future which we wanted that some one be there so strong who can understand our country from the depth
respect narendra modi for being the prime minister of india, not for being narendra modi.
congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments url
handle handle in morning a challange has been laid out pl show video where modi promised num lakhs but then
obama is powerful, modi is popular.
kejri & his kumar vishwas sat on saudi stage loling on modis wife joke, modi has shown guts by talking terror in same place hashtag
dont tell me you fools really do that? url
i hope modi ji bring me an iphone this time
for last num years, india is suffering the threat of terrorism pm modi handle
memorandum to respected shri narendra modi ji prime minister india to do.
rt handle handle safron heads are totally upset with moulana mulla modi khazoor offering namaz in dubai mosque. hard burned
waiting for narendra modi to return to india so that i can trend hashtag hashtag.
handle anti namo tweets just num opposition are not going to work. u need more substance num hit him.
there is no good terrorism or bad terrorism ~ modi
give insurance cover for hashtag hashtag ability of bringing together tradition & social reformschemes is just amazing hashtag
fair to say the turn out at modis speech in dubai is quite impressive url
very good night, sir ! url
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
when i ws learning stitching she wud insist that i buy only modi threads
modi thrilled that crown prince received him. indiraji was received by the king himself shows the class and status of modi hashtag
modiyapa by chef handle pm modi likes bajra roti, khichdi taste with simplicity is cuisines key . like the num lac suit?
uae indias islamic pm modi announce that arab sheikhs will invest rs num lakh crore in india for rape & conversion of nonmuzzie women.
handle why is modi so ignorant and cannot foresee what we see handle why are you so deliberate?
a big slap to those who said modi is only famous among hindus & no one knows him outside gujarat.
handle desh watching af ls huge defeat handle & handle cryingbarking num to disturbmalign pmmodi to survive w mediamodihaters
handle indeed a marvel on the earth handle url
rt firstpost india feels proud because of you pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium url
this modi now wants us to give up lpg subsidy! hashtag
we are thinking about rapid transportation system between saarc countries namo
wanna num hear modi only now.
hashtag sirf modi ji have the guts to do this dhanya ho bharath maata
pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat url url
rt handle hashtag excited to see narendra modi hashtag traveling to dubai international cricket stadium . url
i am bit of concern by modi speech on numth august that show he is in pressure to deliver
i have just num words for u *suck it*
rt handle modi in dubai so far land for temple in uae, num.num lakh cr investment in india, cooperation against terror
hashtag is handle not namo
rt handle how can dynasty allow modi to sit in a chair prince got as birth right? try hard to throw him out by any means)) url
uae has backed indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi hashtag
pm modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae
handle handle handle handle handle is this is the respect modi sahab has for jawans? hashtag url
pm modi says dubai crown prince has promised to invest rs num.num lakh cr in india hashtag
some tweets of hashtag makes us realize that there are few people who eat and shit from the same hole. url
rt handle we have been seeing the pm delivering speech numm hashtag for years but hashtag scripts diff story w invincible spirit.
handle modi numrtnum says i just whooped pakistans ass! handle
yes.the other num bjp mps are all nris url
rt handle handle handle sirji she is a big time chaplus of modi land for temple allotted in num upa num govt? ht
rt savitrinumever pak being trolled mercilessly by namo, without even being mentioned once by name hashtag hashtag
only hashtag can go to a hashtag nation & talk openly in his speech about hashtag & is cheered by muslims & others.hashtag off
rt handle uae to support indias unsc bid url
handle hope cong will support pm modi on terrorism
if not for modi being in the uae can you imagine the all muslims are terrorists jibes because of the bomb blast in a temple in bangkok?
i wait for modis next speechor next foreign trip url
modi&hashtag;s poser to world are you with terrorism or against it? url via handle.orangenewsnum.com
hamid gul warning to nerandar modi & making fun of him
never felt so proud about anyone being the pm.
handle clearly opposition outclassed by vision of pm modi. but they just cant see him rise even the cost of national growth.
rt handle dubai stadium set for pm modis madison square moment what has dubai stadium got to do with madison sq? just somehow bjp
not even government organisations are designed to have access for disabled persons. good somenum is thinking about it url
juxtaposingly they want india to fall in paks trap by calling off talks. so that cong can abuse modi. again. wah! url
this used to be called secular nationalism. at least before modi discovered it. ht handle url
where have you been, my missing puzzle piece, my life, my sheikh shake shake your bon bon, shake your bon bon ooh url
pm modi is doing a great work. the momentum for india being build up across the world would translate into a lot of action. hashtag
numrtnagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai url prime minister narendra modi today sa
in num, it was sachin sachin at sharjah cricket stadium. in num, it is modi modi at dubai cricket stadium. powerful speech handle
not much concerned about what narendra modi is doing over there but i feel sad what happened there in thailand. be strong bangkok.
what is wrong if modi foes and gets business y is the congress always criticizing like a village women and not opposition hashtag
handle modi rocks! making us proud! real rockstar
expected modi to bargain minm wage for skilled indian labourer in uae, our lanourer building middle east till today. why our govt ignorant?
rt handle he did it to help modi, no? he is a senior bjp leader. url
hashtag pm modi lauds uae for supporting indias unsc permanent membership read more url
modi the great politician
rt handle long, hot wait for those headed to marhaba namo url
prior to modi none pm of india have lied in a foreign country.
now burj khalifa also welcome modi ji in dubai hashtag url
the pm modi is one and only man that make india superpower
num people present to listen modi hashtag
rt handle handle handle handle modi is an impressive host and guest indeed.
modi live in concert. num hr to go. url
handle u ll die someday due to heart attack thinking of modi.
and were here emoticon
hashtag modi it took num years for an indian pm to come here url
handle handle handle no pm ever can stand n deliver wid such persona n charishma hashtag long live modi long live india
what nonsense is this?
pm we dont look @ colour of passport we look @ colour of blood, pa sir yeh kya bol rahe ho rtisse doctors ka vikash hoga hashtag
handle hashtag punjab state has maximum exservicemen but sadly badal sahib has never spoken a single word for hashtag url
hashtag handle deepest gratitude num our pm modi num his memorable visit to uae made every indian feel proud of ur visit.
like this photo from dubai handle ? of course, this is not congress style hired audience url
rt handle handle haha if you keep posting updates from modis speech venue, you will keep on trending throughout the ev
it rains in india and you offer us an umbrella to help out pm modi in dubai url url
after listening pm modi address to indian diaspora, no words how to express my feelings bharat mata ki jai hashtag
modi is back with his natural confidence and flawless speech
rt handle no news channel can ignore modi speech whether its in india or uae. hashtag
pm modi to address a num,num strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in num minutes. live updates url url
rt handle hashtag one hashtag attack means attack on all hindus. attack on me! attack to hashtag, attack to hashtag & hashtag! htt
thats another achievement of handle govt
rt handle hashtag hashtag hashtag of india url
rt handle .handle num years,it might as well hv been a pm visit. modi did not meet sheikh khalifa,abu dhabis ruler,whereas adva
dubai set to welcome pm modi url via handle
rt handle fascist modi spreading hinduism by spreading talking about rakhi festival in arab land. hashtag
hashtag hashtagfied its modi festival across the world this year handle handle
assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord gogoi has asked pm modi to clarify whether t url hashtag
hashtag. rt handle today in dubai i am seeing a miniindia pm modi url
modi in uae pm offers $num trillion investment opportunity to erase deficit of the indian express url
hashtag is their right and does the modi govt. wants to send a mgs to the country that ex army men will be kept deprived frm it hashtag
modi giving an account of all good onsite trips
rt handle hot damn this modi guy can talk. hell go places, im telling you. exotic, foreign places.
hashtag a photographers delight url
rt handle i am witnessing a mini india in dubai, respect to me shows respect for indias changing image pm modi in dubai
touch wood,our pm is best pm everhashtag
modi ka jalwa barkarar like always again hashtag
those who can understand will understand it modi says the oblique reference to threat of terrorism from pakistan in joint statement
ok, modis speech is done now waiting for rajdeep to get slapped! hashtag
hahaha lol the adarsh liberals url
rt handle good taliban, bad taliban; good terrorism, bad terrorism, pm modi is ripping apart pakistan for its terrorism in his speec
handle during my num years in the gulf, i havent seen any other leader having such an event modi has lost his shine.
hashtag extracting $numb investment by uae without any timeline,similar offers were made by japan $numb china $numb but no one know the status
just woooooooow speech hashtag url
rt handle guess what pm modi could be telling the crown prince of abu dhabi?
rt handle navy says theres asbestos at guantnamos camp justice, but its safe for occupancy url
enjoy? they told you sir? url
so is dawood being welcomed by
word cloud of tweets about pm narendra modi in the last num hour(s). url
hashtag delivers yet other grand show handle . agar nris get votin rights this man is not gonna lose num decades
people chanting modi modi, like he just defeated australia in middle of a dust storm hashtag
pm modi is not listening to our soldiers.sign the petition & force him to act hashtag
when modi was roaring in dubai, somone was peeing their pant hashtag url
vajpayee ji. guru shishya ka
rt handle modi chants coming from stadium in hashtag
rt handle handle and no chinese leader has ever gathered their folks in unison likethis.indians are proud of namo.wonder if its
how poetically criticizing pakistan. wow modi
hashtag modi never cared for the indian muslims but now in dubai worrying about kabuli muslims
hashtag indians who work in gulf countries as labourers have greatly contributed to india pm hashtag
pm modi warned citizens about the hidden antinational agenda of such ngos! hashtag ? url
pm modi live from dubai international stadium.
whatever twists turns media does. truth will always win and it will and did come out. jai hind. india feels blessed to have a pm like modi
rt handle feku key ache din aaa gaye mitro but wht abt farmers & citizens of india mr.modi? handlehandlehandle h
hashtag, people of dubai are lucky to hv modi g on their soil hari om
ndtv today in dubai i am seeing a miniindia pm modi url (via twit url url
handle reason i tweeted to u because i voted for you and promoted you and mr modi . but iam disappointed no improvement in basics
i feel elated to see modi todays speech
rt handle but still, modi should have wore skull cap while giving his speech at dubai if he believes in equality sagarika
num. no black money recovered yet
this is historythis is not a cricket match its a welcome by people in uae for shri narendra modi. indian url
handle at least modi tells where he goes, unlike rahul gandhi, an elected mp, who goes on secret trips abroad for months. handle
hashtag wow wt a magistic prsn he is speechless realy kash me ek baar mil sky pm modi ji se oh god pls gv me a chance to meet him
tomnjerrytwo url rt trendulkar no mention of desert storm num in modis speech? disappointed.
i dont know about history of such respect for any indian pm.but this will create a history for sureproud of my pm url
modi jindabad in a mosque. indian secularists must be beating their chests in shame. secular traitors.
rt handle i pity the few gullible nris who have no idea about what is happening in india. go ahead cheer modi.
just in case if you miss few prestitutes tweets , this is the gist.
url who writes his speeches pahhhh!
numk strong crowd is euphorically shouting modi modi modi chants atmosphere is super electric hashtag url
anand sharma, there u go, modi doesnt give a shit about yr opinion. roll it, shove it. handle
the more you burn with your hatred towards modi , the more he shines worldwide. hashtag
rt handle it seems hashtag has hashtag the historic hashtagarab relations. direct attack on pakistan from sheikhs land.
smaller companies exploit behind the contract law & indian embassy does no>forwarding the casenum uae labor department url
rt handle it is not abt divisive politics or abt election, it is the soul of indian diaspora that chants modi modi hashtag
handle hashtag hashtag modi touched a chord in the hearts of all indians in dubai through rakhi, the symbol o bond of love
handle handle handle modi hater spotted
handle well said by hashtag good to see him promote peace and harmony and sending positive signal to the world.
modi modi modi numyears for a pm to be in hashtag hashtag
thnk god handle uses event word,marhaba namonumk indians attend the mega event at dubai crick stadium hashtag url
marhaba namo forward together hashtag
crownprince of handle has decided to invest num.num lacs crore rupee in hashtag. lets welcome this initiative of crownprince & narendra modi
it is d proof that num muslims voted num namo in num.they have understood their future is safe with namo govt. url
hashtag for ever . url
yes modi tweeted too thank you hashtag hashtag
*mother plays modi uncles speech*
rt handle handle yes orop will be a reality no doubt, but yea modi is holding it for num yrs emoticon handle handle handle
handle you listen to that useless piece of shit modi, dont ask us to listen to him you paid sanghi moron handle handle
handle todaya khaleej times have nothing good for modi hashtag url
hashtag all over hashtag every one wanna have glimpse of hashtag wanna hear hashtag wanna see hashtag wanna cheer hashtag url
rt handle please mock radhe ma while modi govt do the vandana of real ma sonia ma
rt handle sheikhzayed mosque orgnizer tells media first time ilisten that the peopleshouting modi insteadof azaan hashtag htt
handle really appreciate your view on modis visit with a link to isreal visit. he did it really smartly. nice analysis.
you can say what you want about the man but he can certainly draw crowds. hashtag hashtag
what a sham is us democracy that refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo shaker aamer, the last briti url
rt handle poor situation of indian pseudo seculars. they r bamboozled due to this situation. world is supporting modi. they not httpemoticon
rt handle maam dont forget to watch the grand spectacular event. hashtag url
rt handle even handle will call it hypocrisy wen modi declines to wear a skull cap in india but visits mosque in uae hashtag
no matter how much i criticise namo but i cant doubt his personality n foreign policies hashtag
the best scene in dubai sports stadium would be
handle thats what handle u r still doing abusing modi day in day out, carry on modi needs ppl like u for his numnd term
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae thank his highness crown prince for his decision to build temple in abu dhabi pm modi url
politicians should learn from narendra modi that how to build international relationships. hashtag
when you hire the crowd thy love to stand in scorching sun
cant stop laughing at this url
the prime minister, shri narendra modi in a group photo with the indian workers at the icad url
rt handle mr modi is set to break at least one record.
bsp pm to inaugurate rs num,num cr road projects in bihar tomorrow prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate url
why modiour pm keen about building temples
rt handle difference between hashtag hashtag hashtag who went to dubai to beg for hashtag & hashtag hashtag who gets funds for hashtag
handle handle handle what about modis big promises regarding health? health minister of delhi under bjp is so corrupt.
trust between one another is more important than diplomacy when it comes to international relations pm modi in dubai hashtag
great speech by our beloved p.m modi i feel proud to see our p.m in dubai
namo is a powerful speakerwave all intact hashtag
modi speech in dubai cricket stadium is verry emotional, which made indians living there happy, he got full support from them
some pseudo seculars asked why narendra modi went to mosque saying that muslim leaders and that uae leaders in url
now watching narendra modi live speech. hashtag
how can a person keep on repeating d same thing he said a year agoagain n again n again
modi urges indians to take advantage of the worlds inclination towards the url url
rt handle modi modi modi modi chant waiting for the pm to arrive.
ok , u didnt miss much saved ur time emoticon url
narendra modi one of the &hashtag;most viewed ceos&hashtag; in india linkedin url hashtag hashtag hashtag
crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag url
i am happy to shri.n.modi have a prime minister
namo is a phenomenon! period. hashtag handle
mexican wave in the stadium for a prime ministers speech. hashtag namo is a sport, a festival, a way of life.
rt handle phew shes going bonkers
modi rocking in uae. hashtag hashtag
fool to entertainment
handle handle handle good to see great work by the namo team in uae
naved hashtag modi hashtag
handle did u just read the whole news or commented by seeing numst line.it says for pm modi hosted by the abu dhabi investment authority
pm narendra modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb economic times moneycontrol.compm nare url
live it took num years for an indian pm to come to uae pm modi tells indians in dubai prime minister narendr url
modi claimed that num lakh consumers gave up their lpg subsidy. however, num lakh consumers have actually given up url
am disgusted at modi govt.s behaviour towards the armed personnel i have fallen out of love with modi pure heart break.
handle handle handle modi thanked abudhabi prince from bottom of his heart for the permission num the first temple there!
feeling proud on our pm modi. hope our friends in opposition should acknowledge it publicly as they do in private
handle handle first aplimb should ensure they behave and think as indians in the indian moques. then modi ji will come
rt handle pm modi disappoints supporters with lowkey speech url by handle
indian media can;t go beyond priyanka vadras saree color modis unprecedented outreach to millions of indian across the world is no news
rt handle our insurance scheme is as affordable as rs num per month pm hashtag url url
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium url hashtag hashtag
its amazing not one indian news channel is actively covering bangkok bombing instead they r covering modis dubai visit shameful
rt handle pm modi wishes kerala new year to kerala community in malayalam. theyre so impressed mirchi to congress. hashtag
rt handle handle handle handle coming from a guy who uses a prototype handle created under jumla becho campaign
pm hashtag addressing the gathering at the indian community reception in dubai cricket stadium hashtag hashtag url
dtn india pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae gov url
pm modi interacts with num indian workers in abu dhabi url
handle handle actually they are asking modi to pay back num lakh which modi promised to pay after becoming pm.
before we indians were crazy for bollywood and cricket . now .we are crazy for .modi ,bollywood and cricketnamo effect
a hindu temple has been attacked but these bhakts are busy trending namo! what man worshipping
rt handle pm addressing the gathering at the indian community reception, in dubai cricket stadium url url
live indians in dubai gear up for marhaba namo event url
pm modi no matter how big the issue is, only peaceful talks can find a solution
very true. my hand is surely with namo url
terrorism or against it, says modi. hashtag
you should def go watch & listen to his live speech from dubai hashtag
come on guys its time for
live stream modi will be addressing the hashtag community in hashtag hashtag hashtag url
handle hashtag handle handle pm modi gave high doz to pakistan from dubai can we call it modis telemedicine for pakistan?
num countries in num months, what next mr.prime minister
rt handle an indirect warning to pakis let dm undrstnd dis handle handle handle handle handle httpsemoticon
handle modi the great
rt handle crowd swell to attend narendra modis speech at the dubai.
why is there so much buzz about modi visiting kerala?
feels great to enjoy religious program url
i see a pied piper in namo
rt handle modi success in uae is directly proportional to consumption of following items in india
modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium
handle it was a great to saw the national anthem of dubai and india.modi is equal to obama now.indian dignified
journalists cheering for modi! sad state of affairs! not presstitutes but prostitutes of modishah! cc handle !
hashtag pm hashtag addresses expats.
even the thought that modi is going to give a speech gives me goosebumps hashtag
rt handle his highness the crown prince was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi in dubai url
wat a joke. in ur country u r abusing him . sala shame modi url
modi speech is impressive in dubai
modi is the most loved & famous indian celebrity worldwide after shah rukh khan, obviously. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
now nris from andhra and telengana angry over modi not talking in telugu when he visited us url
this would not have happened without tactical understanding with top leadership of uae. url
modi has performed very well as usual, he is a performer on stage maroof raza hashtag
hashtag hashtag spls for hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag . handle handle url
rt handle madad this is what handle has been insisting a help line for all hindus worldwide! thank you pm handle https
modi ji is doing what upaii cudnt do implement its own programs & schemes.
did modi just say that we were never proud of our country before again? indirectly that too?
rt handle ever since madison square, modi govt has spent billions on these events abroad. what did india get in return? no change i
num minute silence for all rws who thought they are bigger trolls than modi.
handle handle totally agree congress now deprived of humanitarian also modi rocks eagerly waiting for his spore trip in november
hashtag hashtag traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill url
hashtag came with such enthusiasm to hear namo in dubai ; alas bad weather and ineffective event management leads to disappointment.
rt handle we tried to bridge the gap between saarc nations. but some people feel pained at this handle hashtag url
handle handle and num others retired out.
whatever you call, but modi is helping india to grow in every possible way he can hashtag
did modi just say the youth of hashtag are jobless and invites others to come make use of them? hashtag hashtag
handle handle keep it coming sirh i wish i ws there in tht stadiumnamo namo
rt handle congis and pakis getting hit for fours and sixes by hashtag at dubai cricket stadium
handle a gift dedicated to modis mother.hats off akbar saheb hashtag url
what baffles me is that why pm modi is yet to visit a farmers house and explain why his idea of land bill is better
pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims to try an url via handle
pakistan is so scared of modis tough talks. url
handle modi thundered today. loved him. his vision.
narendra modi will address more than num indians in dubai at numrtnum. do watch. another moment like madison square garden
handle handle rtare you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai url hashtag url
rt handle wow, didnt knw hashtag hashtag ws dng an hashtag standup comedy special!
rt handle modi! modi! euphoric crowd is calling its leader in unison
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi the enforcement directorate (ed) is of th url
why food for oil is not worked with uae to develop kisans economy in particular & all in general? why dawood & modi visiting masque alone?
be one stand up just plan for a full confidence of being behind modi ji, and against who are only planning obstacles are we not supposed?
joint statement betn the united arab emirates and the republic of india
retards, aaptards & other sickular minds are rattled with modi popularity & success. yeh vikasvirodhi, deshviriodhi & janvirodhi hashtag
rt handle from dubai to delhi
handle apply burnol for modi haters!
handle very good job done,its because of our pm modi.
handle modi has a charismatic personality and his oratory skills r excellent which many world leaders dont hv what an extempore speech!
rt handle around numk people gathered to hear modi ji hashtag
though a lie modi tweeted that temple land allotted in uae will the same consideration be given to other religions in rss ruled india?
rt handle modi live from dubai
the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister narendra modi will address a num,numstrong indian diaspora t url
rt handle pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai hashtag url
even the capital of bihar and up
modi in dubai live thousands still queuing up to enter the stadium url hashtag
bihar yeaning for complete transformation can modi be the answer? url via handle
namo live from hashtag
rt handle pm modi global community should reject states supporting terrorism
rt handle handle handle modibaiters have been forced to eat humble crow;as hashtag grows from strength to strength,likes
handle while you and i see nothing fishy about it, congress spokespersons on tv channels call it, event management by modi.
leaving modi asideyou reckon only the film industry has rockstars? and anyone doing any good in any field isnt one?
hashtag stadium already numth capacity though namo expected only in num hours url
rt handle excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora at numrtnum pm hashtag url
dear rahul gandhi, modi is also using cheat sheet for his speechso what if he is reading something in malayalam
puppy modi is roaring in uae. he has warned the world about terrorism as if he was not born when the gujarat riots happened. hashtag
rt handle dubai cricket stadium in tricolour. ready for hashtag modi url
rt handle i know you have many complaints regarding embassy (crowd answers no), its good if you dont have any, but in case you h
modis independence day speech the numbers yahoo finance uk url via handle
will modis visit to the uae help improve indias relations with that country? url
why path breaking? next day media, cong will tear him apart
in modi the world is actually respecting the rise of this map url
so many indians to support modi in any country he goes to.
indians reaction to modi is similar to those children who get visited by their parent at their hostel after a long long time. hashtag
burnol moment for modi haters!
modi ji is in his element when addresing large crowds,he is a natural political speaker,has content and connect for his audience. hashtag
pm modi in uae india, uae will promote cooperation in space incl joint dvpt,satellite launch hashtag
if i get even half the energy modi has i would be invincible hashtag
rt handle pm hashtag to address indian diaspora at numrtnum pm today in dubai cricket stadium
that is an achievement arnab will welcome the pm home handle handle url
haha & then anand sharma said namo is unbecoming of a pm.if he is not a pm material then who is? hashtag hashtag
rt handle america has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but congress and nitish still so angry and unable to let g
rt handle proud moment > we are becoming part of new history with you hashtag
handle even in india they say modi modi
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple toi mobile the times of india mobile site url
how many of you think he just speaks? watching narendra modi
rt handle seriously must be hoping, only way he can get a majority in parliament and become pm url
handle handle modi ji get burnol moment for many people url
well done handle early morning congress attacked modi saying on num billion dollar investment from dubai now it went to num bn dollars.
handle handle handle num communal people can elect bjp and modi in any case. now let muslims decide their destiny
this is how hashtag thru connecting hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag & soon rope in hashtag hashtag url
our prime minister sure knows how to take over prime time hearing modi speech for the first time.
india pm narendra modi ji going uae great city. i have a drime in cityyyy
rt handle aaptard reaction after listening modis speech. hashtag url
and a favourite of the masses handle url
rt handle .handle in abu dhabi, the prime ministers visit to the sheikh zayed grand mosque was a political coup url
a traditional dance from kerala mohiniattam keeps audience engaged ahead of narendra modis arrival hashtag url
modi always rcoks hashtag
modi in uae public transport details for dubai sports city event the national url
even handle ji will fail because hashtag . why waste time? handle handle url
believe in joint declaration
num modi is more success than num dois url
first one was sachin tendulkar
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai hashtag url via aninews
handle modi sir u always speak abt cong mukt bharat but remember sir it may reverse u in future if u go on soft on pak & corruption
thats my friend braving the heat at num degrees waiting for namo. hashtag wow! url
handle namo is selling our schemes
no such thing as good taliban, bad taliban. this wont work now narendra modi such a statement in uae soil epic
hashtag haters y dont u die handle hashtag emoticon he is man with vision and boss ye sirf bolta nai krta b h url
prime minister narendra modi has visited today the historic sheikh zayed grand mosque, uae.
live thousand turn up for pm modis address to indians at dubai cricket stadium url
malayalees get special mention in pm modi speech. and he speaks a sentence of greetings in malayalam cc handle hashtag
kuch bhi modi jihandle india has been constantly helping afghanistan. after all, how can we forget kabuliwala pm hashtag
handle lol seems like modi is the only pm who was fond of travelling rtp
modi is already following it, wd his own cronies n criminals.
hashtag live indians in dubai have made us proud, pm tells crowd cheering modi, modi prim url hashtag
so many thousands of muslims to attend namo in dubai event. overflowing numbers. hashtag
hashtag should have taken hashtag along with him to hashtag for his proper education
handle can you please upload pakistani media reaction to pm modi visit to uae. this will be very interesting.
rt handle overwhelmed hashtagbased painter presents mothers blessings portrait to indian pm hashtag url http
rt handle modis speech lasted longer than indias batting lineup in the fourth innings of a test match.
omg modi says apj kalam was indias former prime minister at dubai cricket stadium
hashtag think india you voted for idiots like indira, rajiv and sonia gandhi when you had the people of modis caliber. what a shame!
modi is speaking like that guy who only praises himself merai pechai na ladkiyan pagal h.but everyone knws bohat phenkta h. hashtag
hashtag so soothing to hear enchant of modi modi modi !
marhaba modi. lion roaring
after the speech of sir narendra modi at uae today may have stolen this night of pakistan and daud ibrahim
rt handle dude handle modi is a once in a life time political phenomenon soak it up leave the crib and criticism for eternity emoticon
some wonderful campaigns
we immediately helped nepal in disaster modi
rt handle this same ed chief katoch covered up role of jignesh shah in nsel scam with help of diggy url handle
commented namo on the poll url
modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate firstpost url
handle handle all the best modi g for your project
modi went to sri lanka, was able to go to jaffna and help them. handle
what a change from num years of diffidence
thanks his highness king & family of uae for cooperation with india and honour of our prim minister sh. narendra modi.
rt handle when atal bihari vajpayee ji was the pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even ang
gkbagati url rt babubhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi
today, entire of dubai would reverberate to the chants of hashtag. weave your magic o magician, we all wait in awe. hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm hashtag modi an atmosphere of trust has been established during my visit
hashtag ; thousands wait with patience to listen to handle . marhaba modi
handle great speech by modii am not fan of bjp, but i am liking the vision on someone called modi
proud to be an indian and to have mr. narendra modi as our prime minister.
handle hail namo u did it again proud to vote for you sir
pm modi got num problems but a foreign tour aint one. hashtag
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag now talking about mobile councilling for workers . url
rt handle just in case you are a blind modi supporter,
rt ndtv pm modi to address a num,num strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in num minutes. live updates url
rt handle in dubai cricket stadium u could see there r toilets written in big , as jiski fatt jaye modi k bhashan se woh waha jaha s
that narendra modi is really something else. its amazing how he wins hearts in every corner of the world. those url
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi numtonumonly news pm narendra modi url
hashtag live tv watch pm narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium shortly url hashtag url
uae will invest over $num billion in india. modis uae visit is even bigger success than his visit to china, usa or japan. hashtag
benchmark for a pm set by my modi, ongoing processnow, any one after him will be viewed through modi lens. emoticon
excellent speech by modi ji at dubai , direct attack on pakistan terrorism. url
rt handle tri color flying high.people chanting modimodi,not in india but in uae hashtag
we did this this for this nation it should self destructive.
^~^ pm modi to address num indians in dubai
empty chairs at modi event in dubai, gathering of only a few hundreds. hashtag handle
jai homodi ji, india loves you, anywhere in da world, but one party is always dere on fault finding mission. url
great speech by mr modi in uae
most certain she doesnt have the ability to win and represent my ward in bbmp election. url
rt handle hashtag speech in dubai was a comedy and for indians in india it is a tragedy hashtag were thrown but indians in dubai u
rt handle he loves a crowd; crowds love him. modi can happily give speeches his entire life i think.
hashtag modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world dailyo url hashtag
some marketing of course
rt handle i strongly condemn the blast in hashtag,my thoughts are with the families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recove
numk people gathered to hear modi in dubai.
rt handle hashtag dose who hate modi r most unfortunate ppl,he is d best howsoever u crib,u ppl remind me of dhobi of ayodhya
really modi guru is great he is gathering whole world to india makeing and india a strong united states of bharath(usemoticon
rt handle except pakistan , modi has taken names of all the names of neighbouring countries ! hashtag ! hashtag
channel no num to see the modi event live in dubai. for elife users only rtp
handle handle replace modi with mms, is with was,pm with expm n then u r talking sense.
rt handle is narendra modi a dummy prime minister of arun jaitley, now as ed closes national herald case bhakts have started abusing ja
hashtag hashtag congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congr url hashtag hashtag hashtag
truly exceptional speech in dubai
pm modis dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of us url over.
rt handle hashtag pm modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae inviting investors from uae, prime url hashtag
hashtag provided venue dubai stadium misused against pakistan by pm hashtag, unheard in diplomatic norms. url
rt handle hashtag (welcome hashtag) as we reach stadium hashtag url
india certainly looks beyond the incompetent congress govt! hope modi ji delivers on all his promises! handle hashtag
handle handle handlehandlehandle handle need burnol,itch guard and several ointment num severe burn by modi
handle u did not went for modi speech in the ground?
hashtag our pm a man of words he claimed all indians are his family members & he proved it as distance could not bound his love for indians.
i am specially talking to the ppl of kerala who are celebrating their new year festival modi url
we will create connectivity between india,nepal,bhutan,rtmodi.seculars worry as he didnt mention pakistan
rt handle pm modi asks people to gift insurance to their sisters on rakshabandhan hashtag
i appreciate modi ji that who can do in last numo years he did that in only one year with his uae visit
thus guy will be soon exiled from his journalist brotherhood, thanks to his pro modi stance. hashtag url
rchanemougam url rt rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi hashtag
rt handle rt timesofindia we sent drinking water to maldives through flights pm hashtag url url
spectators brave num degrees heat outside dubai cricket stadium to listen to modi hashtag url url
rt handle modi departs from dubai tonight itself, no overnight stay. arab sheikhs love num things. dont was to elaborate more on t
meanwhile pappu is saving india & indians from modi by taking a double dose of drugs & planning his next holiday hashtag
handle modi is bringing back the lost indian pride. jai ho!
handle handle.words best leader in namo
empty vessels make the most sound.
handle great job modi sir
url rt varanasilive a big slap to those who said modi is only famous among hindus & no one k url
rt handle now that modi ji visited sheikh zayed mosque, rana ayyub will publish her numnd draft, visiting a mosque will not change
hashtag crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later today url
modi ji is looking trimmer ! fitter
handle nehrugandhi family is living our money, looting our money. modi manages event & didnt partition numpersonal gain manahandle
i want to thank uae for backing indias demand for a permanent seat in un security council pm modi
namos diplomatic success owes to the fact tht he talks wth d might of num.numb behind him whereas upa went to do favors num a downtrodden nation
rt ndtv people from all over the world have come here to dubai pm modi url
handle u should be happy if you think modis support is declining at home instead of whining! btw,when r u getting back to journalism?
mini india in dubai greets modi chants , especially the people of kerala for their new their new year greetings on chinga masam first day
when the country is reeling under poverty & inflation the stage performances of hashtag looks vulgar & disgusting hashtag
india needs to hold pakistan responsible for refuting the distinction between state and nonstate actors. url
nice read sir handle educate, dont appease,& why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world url
pm praised the efforts of hardworking indians, who have migrated to the uae for work url url
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle numdegrees heat for num inch chest modi.coolbreeze.jai
i dont see such big crowds other than cricket matches
nice speech on cricket
magical pm modi magic in uae url via handle
please do sign the petition from handle which actually withdraw the hashtag in num url
rt handle is this the pm of india talking or a frontline bjp leader on a campaign? no statesmanship or sense of the collective. only i
one for the hashtag url vets are fast unto death. suits hurry up.
his humility shines through hashtag url
why hashtag hashtag is made in china handle url
never seen modi talk so strongly about terrorism. very impressed by that
handle land boundary issue with bangladesh was resolved on num august pm hashtag url url
u love himu hate him but the fact is namo has mesmerized indians globally to feel proud &walk with head held high respect handle rt
there are num vowels in english language. hashtag has num of them.
handle temple on abu dhabi land for indians another example of being a great leader. hashtag hashtag hashtag
example of modis good terrorism url
louis berger case hashtag modi hashtag
rt handle i see a mini india in dubai pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium hashtag hashtag url
modi should end his speech by saying.
rt handle handle does this idiot handle mean modi is working under pressure?
hashtag pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra modi on a twoday visit to the ua
rt handle excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag url
hashtag irrespective of what religion they belong to all love our most lovable pm modi he is d grnum unifier of people around d world
yes modi sir, keep it up
building temple is a great achievement for modi govt i dont know which era they are living in hashtag
rt handle dawood must be peeing tonight watching namo s speech
i love modi and his pronouncements on foreign soil re the grandeur of india on tv screen but despair about ground realities at home.
rt handle hashtag without stepping into kerala, modi has won.
modi is like the salman khan of politics hashtag
rt handle you are too kind emoticon url
modi ji can give us num lakhs from this account and later when he gets black money back he can give it back to prince url
rt handle ill be the biggest modi bhakt if modi tweets a selfie with dawood ibrahim this time.
hashtag uae decided to invest num.num lac crore in india. handle handle handle handle handle handle
handle handle after modis return uae will become semimuslim and just a tourist place. handle
today modi ji ruined prime time of news channels hashtag
modi ends the speech wid bharat mata ki jai instead of naara e takbeer allah hu akbar in dubai wat else prove u want hes against muslims
modi should stop behaving like a pm of bjp and start behaving like the pm of india. atleast when hes representing us abroad hashtag
rt handle handle you realized it now, we knew it before maynum, you shamelessly supported modi, now see for yourself the plight
muslims is australia chanting modi modi.
pm modi will set up counseling camps regularly wherever indians live
omg namo just wished happy new year to mallus in malayali
modi made num foreign visits as pm before making his first trip to the mideast. most of those trips were to asia and europe. hashtag
hashtag woos hashtag, says hashtag has $num hashtag hashtag hashtag url
really impressed by pm modis speech in dubai. talks about investment, terrorism had a high valuehashtag
rt handle pm hashtag ends his speech with bharat mata ki jai url url
prime minister narendra modi on a twoday visit to the uae hashtag
pm modi condemns the blast in
handle did modi intentionally skipped pakistans name while naming its neighbour bt said east pakistan n west pak? hashtag
watch live pm hashtag addresses indian diaspora in hashtag url
prime minister of india narendra url
rt handle hashtag num ways in which pm modi received a fancy welcome url url
modi shd bring don dawood to india imdyly frm uae. all knew tht he sheltered in uae. modi must bring him.
handle handle ds man frighting of modi s success.i want to ask y he not attended parliament.y he not condemned terrorist attacks.
rt handle if only they realized its an honor for india & not just modi.
handle handle it is you to learn this art from modi.you people should learn to live peacefully with hindus.think of kps
pm modi offers $numtn investment opportunity to uae to erase deficit of num years url
rt handle modijee went to mosque at uae because he is hashtaghindu and very hashtagminded person.handle handle
we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and make in india, there are many opportunities pm modi in dubai
rt handle its politics. hashtag will definitely score political points if hashtag is scoring one siddharth varadarajan to handle
i dont think anyone divides india as much as modi. straight down the middle. and twain shall never meet.
handle well if modi has the balls and rss has the guts, ask them to go lok sabha. even delhi will take up that challenge then
handle mean my god modi campaingning against bjp.
just read the responses to this tweet and youll know where handle lies todayin shambleslol url
modi says bharat mata ki & crowd shouts jai with clenched fists in a nazisalute? oh my god
modi is the real twitter celeb
rt handle in medias opinion, modi has gotten every country he visited to invest in india after impressing them in one bloody visi
rt handle no dont fight to me when i sly you even modi ji slys people so yeah
rt handle for num years, govts have given only crutches of reservations to dalits; modi nurtures the dalit entrepreneurial spirit!
modi, modi chants fill the stadium after pm handle greets the indian community in hashtag
cant believe i missed hashtag (((( url
will modi jii throw some light on samjhauta express blast accused aseemanand?
this decision was unanimously accepted by all political parties in parliament narendra modi
prime minister of india shri narendra modi visited the hashtag
pm modis uae visit uae allots land for building first temple in abu dh url via handle
rt handle handle orop will be implemented soon v k singh url hashtagbelieve & trust on modis words
rt handle modi concert has alot of ooo aaaaa coming from the crowd. problem is, such sounds come out of a himesh reshammiya concert
modi told in dubai speech , he opened the bank account of peoples., its job of fake pm . url
bhakts are upset with hashtag?
big mvenumfight terrorism jointly by uae&india.terrorism in all forms denounced. urge allnumdismantle terror bases. well done modi.
indians in uae not behind in making their country proud narendra modi hashtag
handle it is not abt divisive politics or abt election, it is the soul of indian diaspora that chants modi modi hashtag
rt handle just two days back in iday speech modi ji said that ek saal ke under har village mein light pahuch jayegi, today he s
handle handle here url
i think pakistan has already understood itemoticon url
just noticed that modi is at pakistans home cricket ground emoticon
uae has supported indias demand for permanent membership to the un security council pm modi hashtag hashtag
the prime minister, shri narendra modi, today visited masdar httpemoticon
handle and u feel modi just let this happen for no reason? url
handle and now narendra modi! hashtag url
uae ready num invest num.numlakhcrores
modi visit hashtag, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation url hashtag url
hashtag exellent what a support
modi uae visit, stop the presses.
rahul gandhi after hashtag speech in hashtag alvida dosto, have to go on another vacation to plan another comeback url
rt handle pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium hashtag
the indian prime minister narendra modi attends the reception hosted by the indian community in hashtag handle url
rt handle congress hits out at pm modi for his barb on foreign soil that he inherited lethargy from previous govts
as seen w other countries.
handle let us not compare modi with devolved genetic offspring. rahul gandhi requires to be treated for grave mental disorders.
pm modi terrorists should be given maxium possible punishment
arab donated land for swaminarayan temple in uae jul num, num, not on visit of pm modi .
rt handle if everyone would have been benefitted then we would not have seen ppl going against bjp url
handle charismatic character of modi conquers all. man of the moment. is it not a beginning of new era
rt handle handle liberals after modi jis speech in dubai. url
rt handle burnol price,manufacturers share prices rocket upmodi govt decided to give subsidy on burnolhashtag htt
good taliban, bad taliban this wont work.decide are you with terrorism or with humanity?, says pm modi hashtag
pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh url
rt handle hashtag taking selfie in mosque.
handle congis and modi haters
pathetic egotrip and selfapplauding by indian pm modi on foreign soil. he does it everytime. handle url
all p members rejected
my dear friends why we cant come with majority to support modi ji he is doing for us only . cant be give a trouble free path to run
rt handle so many muslims chanting modi, modi in stadium. hashtag crying in one corner.
handle handle handle handle handle handle modi is not briefed by concerned officials of these cease fire violations
rt handle full text of hashtagservice chiefs hashtag to pm hashtag on hashtag url handle handle
with two exservicemen launching f
handle what about modi speech today in dubai
rt handle some more abuses will be hurled at modi by seculars & liberals of india. url
rt handle hashtag need not be in apologia mood for visit of hashtag to hashtagor church for that matter
handle handle ya modi wave over. its modi storm now in desert
rt handle crowd chanting hashtag ! electrifying atmosphere hashtag hashtag url via handle
first pm num speak white lies from red fort on independence day? hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
hashtag proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai url hashtag hashtag
hahahahah awesomeee! rtd url
hashtag hashtag addresses hashtag hashtag at hashtag
congress has been so rendered jobless by namo this is what they do to pass their time handle hashtag url
if modi keeps uttering sava sau hindustani in his speeches for years num come, he will be best remembered num his birth control initiatives
thats how modi brings investment to india. url
one more power show by hashtag and this time in land of oil dubai
modi ji is grate and nice man hashtag
rt handle dubai and the entire world witnesses a phenomenon called as narendra modi! jai ho! hashtag
rt handle so, a relative of sonia gandhi trusted aide was supposed to investigate case against sonia gandhi by modi govt. kya baaat hai
hashtag several former chiefs write to hashtag over one rank one pension
rt handle when the nuclear test was done in india under vajpayee, india had to face difficulties pm hashtag
our life eat, sleep, repeat! modis life jumla selfie jumla hashtag
somebody tell him he represents pm of indiainsult kr rkhi hhandle handle
modi is overwhelmed by indians working and making india proud in uae. hashtag
cheering to theek hai bhai, par facts correct kar le, rajasthan ke elections ke time modi gujarat ka cm tha. emoticon
nonbelievers in democracy! still havent reconciled with may num ls results url
shouldve known that the man wouldnt disappoint. url
rather this you have url
handle handle handle and cop do says even hidden cam bajrag dall goons caught saying modi was involved
how to tweet such gibberish then? url
rt handle paks sphere of influence punctured after modis visit .uae bonhomie with india corners pak. hashtag
handle handle modi save soniya in nation herald case .ed cheef give relefe rg soniya but junior ed cheefs are disagree to ed chef
handle handle soldiers shd get a leadwhy they r not getting oropmoney matters namo namo
handle the message is to pakistan. hope we can stop acting as if modi is fighting mla election in bihar
modi says hashtag govt is everywhere; did he just do a george orwell? big brother watching yall!
with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list
modi draws more crowd in dubai then in india at a single venue hashtag
rt handle .handle num hindu indians & num other indians. muslims & christians are also indian. india is not equal to modihindui
pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat both nations also agreed to help each other url
time demands, all terrorists shud shun violence and join mainstream, says prime minister modi while adressing indians in uae
handle if she can call prime minister narendra modi ji , by modi can i call her saba piyakkad handle
rt handle modi may be criminally charged for instigating hashtag to commit suicide handle handle
terrorism and riots are coexist . hashtag ji what about gujarath num riots. why you are not serious about it. url
indians know modi very well. thats why he spends more time with nris. handle handle handle handle hashtag
why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world url via handle
hashtag hashtag hashtag has shut up so many neighbors in one shot! not to forget num lakh crore
we are helping afghanistan to rise pm modi
joint statement between united arab emirates and the republic of india
eagerly waiting to hear modis speech today in dubai
historic and inspiring speech by narendra modi in dubai
pm handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi hashtag url
pm narendra modi the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as url
are killing of indians by pak infiltrators, orop for indian army and bangkok bomb blast has no meaning for indian p.m . modi
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says modi. handle. hashtag
rt handle chilling warning bynum former service chiefs to pm rtnation can ill afford damaged pride of veterans handle h
one rank one pension is modi government getting cold feet? the economic times url
chants of gaddar & jhoote wade as nothing concrete on hashtag in pm speech h
narendra modi coloring books for adults we asked therapists for their opinions this week, she went back and url
hey modi, how about you fix the massive class cleavages and ideological rifts that tear india from within , before reaching out globally?
rt handle and thats the bottom line that modi setups
rt handle watch modi live url
let us kill the mystery and name the trojans. arun jaiitaly is the snake in modis cabinet. url
u r just great sir, perfect so true url
surprisingly dubai roads are empty at this hourlooks like everyone has gone to meet mr. modi hashtag
rt handle huge thank you to all narendra modi
handle handle ok no but modi
not hindu, muslims or sikhs but i can see only indians there in dubai came to listen mr modi. so proud
rt handle fast unto death whole country is with our heros who are sitting at jantar mantar.it is high time for pm modi ji http
handle same think will happen to stooges who will keep on defending every shit of namohashtag
hashtag wswtchig modi g spech dubaiaftr tat wtchd ndtv numnewchutiadebatig with dogravish takig nthig new in modi spch?pm visit tuknum yrs is it old
modi in uae crowds gather ahead of indian pms dubai speech indian prime minister, narendra modi, is expecte url
rt handle live i hashtag reception in hashtag cricket stadium i read i url url
modi g not terrorists since numyr but since independence when the most unfortunate leader nehru took the charge instead of bose hashtag
hashtag motivational speech by pm modi
i admire hashtag for his crowd handling capabilities. he loves crowd. crowd loves him. crowdbig, very big, huge crowd
rt handle amazing response from indians in hashtag. what is it about hashtag? not marketing alone surely
modi ji is always rocking
rt handle prime minister modis first day in the uae in pictures url via handle
handle modi is not a person who will back track frm commitments as its a prestige iss num him. implement it though it will take some time
rt handle if someone comes here as pm after num years, its natural for people here to get angry pm hashtag url
modi giving speech in pakistan cricket teams home ground? sweet. hashtag hashtag hashtag
wish u cud rationally analyze the replies url
handle mr. modi bring as more as country demands. url
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation business standard times of india url handle
p.m modi vist to mosque was a wise step and to ask for land to built a temple a wiser step.
handle this is the power of handleadd some burnol mr.isiqureshi url
num) do you approve the job modi is doing as a prime minister?
we strongly condemn this under shri rajiv gandhi strong condemnation fifteen year plan url
handle handle modi govt.\s like~
namos watch is facing up that is weird as always has it down
the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo url hashtag
joint statement between the united arab emirates & the republic of india
traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill with gst, the trading community will url hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle dear handle , that was sly on your country pakistan url
rt handle handle handle thanks to upa & dr. singh which modi opposed in his election speech
best part of hashtag blasting pakistan for terrorism & cross border ceasefire violations. also dawood must be turning in his bed. hashtag
handle its is not like other modi is the best and will be the bests of all time
rt handle real reason behind modis visit to uae pranay sharma aug num,num url
rt handle handle in hashtag metro timings extended; hashtag as hashtag ready for pm url hashtag url
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin url via url
rt ndtv we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi url
then the national anthem !
& they wish he (pappu) was like him (namo). url
hashtag was communist party doing at the time of upanum url
but he is not the ceo of android. url
headline is ready even before the speech modi vows expats!
hashtag we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm modi url
credit due to modi. he is eating into arnab goswami time
the indian in dubai opens his you are enhancing indias pride pm hashtag tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium
handle india is victim of terror bcoz india hasnt unfortunately got any brave pm post narsimaha rao. modi is such a coward! handle
no modi, bragging about how we helped our neigbhours is not helpful. please dont do it.
handle handle i wonder why mr modi is holding a political procession in uae? luking num a paki jisko mirchi lagi?
rt handle where modi goes
hashtag interesting updates on pm modivisit to uae a job well done, keep up the good work
presstitutes,congis,are unable to come to terms with new reality in the country.they better get use toit permanently url
as hashtag becomes the first pm to visit uae in num years, here are num things he did first url via handle
soina rahul why are you watching pm modi speech. rahul mom even pogo channel telecasting modi speech. hashtag handle
rt handle pm hashtag visits sheikh zayed grand mosque in uae url url
rt handle rofl now liberals claim that the grand mosque in abu dhabi is not a mosque, its a tourist attraction. modi is yet t
rt handle even after visiting num countries in one year, modi failed to beat mms track record on fdi.
handle handle handle wish u get a chance to visit dubai, num temple complex for num.num million indians serious kudos to modi.
url top news on proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister n url
by selling lands of farmers url
pm shri handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi url hashtag url
those claiming to be sole proprietors of idea of india wake up & smell the coffee. hashtag
rt handle num thousand people in stadium to listen to pm modi ji ! i m sure pappu cant arrange after paying hashtag http
hashtag pm modis dubai speech key highlights august num, num at numrtnumpm url hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle pity people like u call themselves journos. spiteful immaturity has made u oblivious num difference btw antimodi n antination
a man who can make you fall in love wid mother india again and again
experience india now hashtag
handle handle right jai ho namo
those in the past have left a lot of good job for me to do pm modi
waiting for azhar to come forward and declare the innings when modi is on num hashtag
handle handle modi shud b told tht he is talking in dubai & not patna or he knows nonum can stop him no rss dictum no parliament there
rt handle open to meeting indias oil needs, says uae on pm modis trip url url
sick of similar and useless savva sau crore deshvasi speeches of modi.
handle handle bizzare has torn his tshirt also.why he was not wept.modi gave courage to this presstitutes not wept.he heels hismad
pm modi is one of the most viewed ceos in india with over one million followers linkedin url hashtag hashtag hashtag
arnab remember madison square you were so excited in new york you called mr modi a rock star,thank god u r not there url
hail namo u did it again proud to vote for you sit
. handle modi is trying to portray vajpayee as a old & lazy chap emoticon
handle they ordered television sets too. a lot of tvs were thrashed mercilessly in protest of namos merciless trolls num pak. hashtag
handle handle bangladesh central asian countries t islamic modi will do events just num be seen on tv & nothing happend bnum num
look at the sheikhsthey dont bother if no skull cap in masjid. url
rt handle handle its all across tv, the atrocities hashtag modi orderd agnst hashtag protestors! handle handle url
rt handle hashtag with hashtag madhu kishwar land was given in num modi announces another hindu jumla hashtag
handle apne chaddi me burnol laga le , ab har bar aisa hee hoga. modi is going to build india unlike ur g family who devided n sold india
rt handle pm narendra modi unfurls thetricolour at red fort hashtag url
handle handle handle handle why modi is in dubai. read it here @ url
y o fool,u take talking abt achievements as bragging.old disease of finding faults persists hashtag url
rt handle shrewd games by modi shah.
of no real impact on reality in india yet. url
modi seems to be blank & has nothing worth to say about india or roadmap for its future. such a speech even a street urchin can deliver.
after president ghani , modi says so. they have faith in pm nawaz, hope all num work together for peace url
on one side, iran on the other and israel, one of our best friends. exciting times ahead for modis and our indias foreign policy!
handle dont watch the hashtag event , it might lower your emoticon levels as all your modi bashing dint dent his image among indians
<iframe width=num height=num url
rt handle today is the sad day for pak, indian congress, aap, lutyens media and seculars. modi roared in dubai. hashtag
pm modi did u visit our army veterans sitting at jab tar mantra? here u r boasting about ur visits url
handle proud to have pm like narendra modi
rt handle modi to uae india has $ num trillion potential, invest in it url via handle
today dubai muslims ve shown num psycholars of india that modi s loved not hated.befitting reply. hashtag
rt handle handle so u are wishing that modi fails in wooing sheikh in bringing investment in india?
because,we had no pm with no work and having no desire to work.
rt handle pm narendra modi offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to uae the economic times url
happy anniversary winner wohoooo comeback namo.
handle modi ji having great capacitaaaa (much more than capacity)
last wish before death to live one day like modi hashtag
rightly said for delhi handle sarkar. url
handle rajiv and sonia are not even comparable to modi they never will be .hitler had no comparisons also for germans for num to num yrs
rt handle hashtag takes a hashtag of hashtag free hashtag hashtag
this hashtag just confirm only one thing
rt handle cool! spotted another hashtag fan hashtag hashtag url
bhaiya handle well i usually dont but since handle had promissed to run naked if modi becomes pmi started caring for him.
and pak will deny again.
best summary of the bit on al makhtoum in modis speech today url hashtag hashtag
handle handle handle while bjp chants congress congress. congress chants modi modi
under this changed environment in india, the crown prince of abu dhabi has granted land for constructing a temple, says pm mr.modi, in dubai
rt handle ye modi ka trend faltu me ho rha isko htao
after usa pm modi receive hero welcome in uae num.num lake crore investment num india its time hashtag wakeup num reality! url
so funny watching num,num sheep
if they back so modi sir i think we doesnt need to take a any others help
mihir modi is the best prime minister india has ever seen.
rt handle so, congress is influencing modi govt
just imagine what this kind must be feeling right now.hashtag url
rt handle trust on each other is the most important thing in diplomatic relations narendra modi
rt handle and namo begins his speech with bharat mata ki jai with the chants of modi modi. such a rock star my pm is )) hashtag
handle handle handle indian sickular will allege hashtag has saffronise indonesia
rt handle mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, uturns and flipflops, including on hashtag is talking about indecisiven
thats what is called beating with boots by covering enemy in silk shawl. well played mr. hashtag hashtag butted hard. hashtag hashtag
pm modi attends reception hosted by indian ambassador to uae
rt handle revealed pm handle s mission dawood in uae
modi says, samajne wale samaj jayenge, the crowd goes berserk. talk about plating to the galleries, and he beats everyone. hashtag
modis speech template in foreign
india feels proud because of you pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium url
indian journalists incapable of either serious journalism or good sarcasm url
if modi were a type of movie, he would be porn. making everyone feel good. using mouth and hands a lot and making much noise hashtag
rt handle land for temple was already donated in num. why modi tried to fool the people again hashtag url
rt handle after namo speech in dubai cong&presstitutes will have num be drowned in burnolall their opening must be smoking with firehumi
rt handle pm modi thanks uae for supporting indias candidature for permanent membership of un security council via handle
handle handle handle why modi is in dubai. read it here @ url
no matter u love or hate him. he is man of developing india (modi) & a world class leader with many ideas proud & hats off sir hashtag
handle modijee is doing very great in all foreign trips! he is in the world news handle handle url
we are waiting for ulooking forward to hear historic speech once again. we love u and adore you a lotnamo namo
rt handle the joint statement between our nations is extremely pleasing pm modi in dubai url url
rt handle modi you can resolve problems with neighbours with talks. handle
rt handle very unfortunate i must suggest to armed forces to stop working for num day & let them feel what they did shame. url
rt handle theres been num percent growth in fdi in india pm modi url
u cannot hear modi and not get inspired. this is th leader tht young india needs modi modi !
vote on the poll which one is best in modi amirat visits on url hashtag url via handle
modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment
hashtag we work, not with arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development modi
it never disappoints being a modi bhakt emoticon
in the total num lac villages num got in inc govt but now it is num left modi needs num yrs to complete it url
handle if modi start visiting all mosque u need to save ur ass run to pakistan
you are the people who have worked hard, modi said addressing thousands of expatriate url
handle handle with num cabinet xii pass or lower & num criminal chrgd what you expect miracles? its bjp in modiland & india
pm modi visits num countries in num months url url
rt handle and some people discriminate between hindu and muslim . everyone loves india and modi hashtag url
rt handle pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae
rt handle modi emphasis more on terrorism in his speechtaking on pakistan left and right
rt handle this is by far the most fruitful visit of pm modi of all of the visits to different countries. i appreciate him for he
modi is very distracting.
modi modiwhich pm commands this kind of euphoria in a foreign country. hashtag handle
a big slap , who said modi is only famous among hindus & no one knows him beyond gujarat. hashtag
rt handle i will ensure electricity in every part of the india in the next num yrs pm modi
p m nawaz should snub modi for accuse our nation specially army in our neibour ing countries
rt handle acid inducing moment for hashtag embassy says no to exhibition but modi reaches out directly to this admirer ht
people love modi. people like modi. hashtag
handle modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board url
aigo! first they were transporting plane loads of gujjus to cheer at namo rallies. now they taking mallus too! rtp url
handle handle youtube. modi and pmo channel.
i think modi is compaining for crown prince hashtag
rt handle modi visits num countries in num months url url
hashtag modi addresses indian community at the dubai international cricket stadium
rt handle lol she handle upset namo not at loc >yeah pm should have been there when she destroyed sweet shop too ! dumb as du
addition to the silver friend emoticon duha namo kabook yay!
war veterans on hunger strike, modi eating biryani by flying celebrity chef sanjeev kapoorit is very shameful hashtag
those who indulge in terror must be punished hashtag those who corrupt also should be punished mr modi
and for the modi, only pitch s human free url
modi stand for m mission o organised d development i for india mission organised and development num india hashtag
during jesus christs birth there were three wise men, in this modern indian circus there is only one handle url
rt handle rockstar handle rocks hashtag hashtag hashtag url
num.pakis who lives in ummah.
mind blowing speech modi sir. your words are a inspiration. rock on modi url
mr prime minister modi jee jai hind
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modis speech ndtv url hashtag
rt handle a direct flight is operating sharjah to varansi for a long time now so why there is a news that modi ji has arranged it wi
handle handle handle handle rofl u shld tweet to modi ji directly
rt handle handle by this tweet u hav proved tht u r modis servile devotee n wild with rage over answers to u. what a snive
handle handle handle i went from qatar to dubai specifically to listen modi leving work and one day salary( morethanur numdays
modi makes every indian proud every indians
modi please answer this url
avoidable.but relieved that namo under no illusions of amankiasha or nobelprize visavis terroristan like mms url
rt handle the indian pm namo modi the only prime minister in the world who works monday to sunday, all the num days. hashtag hashtag
actually the diffbut i believe dont compare our legendary pm with idiots.our pm is way ahead of these musafirs url
let owaisi enter each state and contest and split all anti bjp muslim votes.
let him so something about soldiers dying on border. only talk result zero. url
how can u say its speech papper
pm narendramodi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi
num,num indians welcomes modi in uaehashtag namo
never ever saw before, such a sensational , marhaba namo
handle dear modi saab, why dont you visit a mosque in india ? not only zayed mosque every mosque is a power bank of almighty allaah
modi in dubai roaring like lion.
rt handle modi in temple communal
my respect is the respect to the indians living here, and to indias changed image narendra modi ji hashtag
this is what modi ji did to pakistan,hashtag, hashtag & hashtag hashtag url
rt handle .handle which has humiliated bharat for numy by bootlicking a mafia italian talking about modi comment? handle https
hashtag at uae@after numyear indias pm @going to uae
handle modi is great.
rt handle india vs pak crowd < narendra modis speech crowd hashtag
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
hashtag hashtag emoticon starting national anthem
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are num other things he was the first to do url
if hashtag had to go to a mosque why in abu dhabi why not to the one just in front of him a day before? hashtag url
rt handle cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm modis address to indian diaspora in dubai hashtag http
modi should stop doing these madison like events. its getting boring by the day . deliver first dictate later hashtag
is modi actively courting nris to create an unstoppable wave of funding and support by num? apart from foreign policy, he aint doing great
rt handle handle indian hashtag & hashtag hav been hit badly by modis hashtag visit.they cant digest as to how musli
i love my hashtag hashtag url
rt handle all about masdar, the solarpowered planned city visited by pm modi in uae url handle url
rt handle narendra modi message to investors india is a land of great opportunity
rt handle dear modi ji, aapka speech sun raha tha, light chali gayi, now plz comeback, india needs you more than dubai.
certain journalists do not have intellectual depth to discuss anything substantial about hashtag. they discuss modis food menu instead.
barak obama stop this hashtag .
rt handle all of you making gaynum joke on modis warm reception by sheikhs, will go to hell
watch narendra modi liveelectrifying atmospheresuch amazing display of our diverse culture.proud. url
handle breaking news from gujaratrecord breaking rally over num lac in surat even modi cant break url
rt handle land boundary issue with bangladesh was resolved on num august pm hashtag url url
dont forget, modi govt in center & state who needs accountability. its a netizens demand now
rt handle icwf(indian community welfare fund) find has been formed for all embassies to be used for welfare of our workers hashtag
he is referring to bigger morons handle handle url
live hashtag entire dubai cheered when num lok sabha elections results were announced pm modi url
narendra modis speech is always so magical, that sometimes i think he is madeye modi.
url shamelessness ki heightsshares picture of gorkhaland agitation n says modi dictator.
myanmar & thailand to be connected soo.
handle handle i see lot of changes in the conduct of indian embassy in france after modi came to power.
handle hi sultan. i am reji in muscat with times of oman. would you like to share your picture of crwd at namo visit
rt handle live coverage uae visit pm modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium today url
the stages all seat. waiting for the magician hashtag to weave his magic in dubai. hashtag hashtag url
handle handle handle marhaba namo yes it is always a mini india in dubai sir jee election results were electrifyinghashtag
url lol rt mainbhiengineer android m is not modi, whats the use of having an indian ceo at google.
n this man modi bring investment for nation.
one of the great steps taken by our prime minister mr. modi
pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium. live updates url url
indian billionaires will buy property easily [ provided they are ok with chinese neighbors ]
packed stadium erupts into modi ,modi chants during his speech in dubai url url
rt handle excitement is palpable at the dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address the indian diaspora shortly hashtag http
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress url hashtag hashtag
rt handle hahahahahaha, gd jokehandle modi in rtindia,uae to strengthen cooperation in law enforcement,antimoneyl
just listen to him praising nris.
handle indian expats in hashtag gear up for marhaba namo.
rt handle after modi speech gets over,media will start taking his speech feed back from congress,jdu and rjd leaders like this! htt
rt handle it was decided in num that the temple will be built in abu dhabi so how modi ji has arranged it with uae govt? url
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
rt handle difference between bjp and congress is modi.
modi talks of numcrore houses in numyrs. housing scheme approved by modi govt has only numlakh houses till num. hashtag
long live indian media.
rt handle so modi jis speech is going to start with vande matram.
modi raise your fist and say bharat mata ki jai. crowd obliges. end of speech. handle
proud of you pm modi sir
dynamic speech by modi really great
yes it is feel food factor fr num indians in dubai. but what pm modi wanted to say?
rt handle modi ji is best in self promotion & selfies hashtag
so many muslims chanting modi, modi in stadium. hashtag crying in one corner.
rt handle url shamelessness ki heightsshares picture of gorkhaland agitation n says modi dictator.
rt handle handle modijee is doing very great in all foreign trips! he is in the world news handle handle url
modi speeches remind me on old times & are like old time ramayan and mahabharat, when markets were shut closed & people getin their rooms
to the hell with terrorism.
rt handle handle < modijee is drawing huge crowd in dubai he is great in his speeches & media relations. url @
handle exactly mam, and as you know mr modi has that oratorical skill to convince and attract people. a magician, he is with words.
handle divide and rule see this
rt handle saudi+modi = love wins. url
may modi not fulfill his promises
the nation wants to know if raga was watching modis speech hashtag
wish there will be a day where us,uk ppl come and study in india.i hope namo does it
handle now u will say dat ppl in d dubai stadium were modi bhakts.actually they were truly bhartiya who were listening to their pm.
usbased hindu students to honour pm narendra modi for yoga contributions
rt handle does anyone know what hashtag is taking about nagaland? he is just drawing lines in the air! hashtag
handle r y spokesperson of modi
handle modi is rubbing it inenjoying itsmelling jealousy in congi circles
whats going on? prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok ndtv url get leads > url
inspired? my foot! that man is fooling us big time with all the glitz & the glamour & on concerns that plague us, his mouth is shut! hashtag
union minister modis special package for bihar on august num url url
why modi is not speaking on lalit modi yet in his speech congress hashtag hashtag
rt handle num population in india is below num years of age narendra modi
swami has some unsolicited but practical advice for pm modi focus on num, not bihar url
news cobra post sting black rain, railway rakshabandhan gift, modi uae visit url via handle
rt handle handle handle handle handle i respect n support modi jibut u guys r using abusive language w
rt handle live tv watch prime minister narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium url hashtag url
rt handle wow wow! hashtag speech is rocking hashtag
handle handle handle so tn &punjab govts work under handle ? ur blind wth hatred fr modi! neednumdo sum meditation!
num,num assemble to celebrate ind &cheer pm modi while in delhi hashtag w his chamchas is saving ind frm modi by trending hashtag
hashtag it facts hashtag gh url
handle handle happy to see muslims killer modi in uae!
what is hashtag doing in darkness ?
exactly! eggs on sickulas. media should understand. hashtag url
rt handle apparently no malayalam channels covered modis visit to uae in detail . lets see what print media has to say tomo hashtag
the cricket stadium where the pm will talk at num.num pm ist tonight can hold num,num people and has been billed hashtag (welcome) namo.
num odis,and now num modi
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai url (video)
rt handle terror has no boundaries. good terrorism or bad terrorismthis wont work pm handle hashtag url
the indian in dubai opens his umbrella if it rains too much in india pm modi url url
because maha rana narendra pratap modi, and he alone, is supposed to be the bringer of all things good & hindu url
for all bhai log out there url
in his first iday speech, pm modi paid tribute to past govts. but when he is abroad, he belittles efforts of mmsabv etc. hashtag
handle i am a modi fan but same thought came to my mind also
in uae, modi called celebrity chef sanjeev kapoor to cook for him & celebrity barber javed habib to trim his hair. hashtag
handle handle plz let me know how can i attend the bay area gathering of sfo i want to see mr modi kindly help
rt handle modi wears saffronborder stole in uae mosque. breaking news stampede at burnol factory. sagarika, barkha & rajdeep al
again shows her dumbnessas if modis events organized by usa or uaeits by indians url
we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and make in indiathere are many opportunities pm modi
what crowd does to modi is what green does to sagarika
handle respected modi ji , what a speech entire world is watching.we indians proud to have a great pm like you . jai bharath.
rt handle bhaktrolls showing suicidal tendencies on twitter after modis uae visit, thinking he might end up visiting mosques & muslim
handle handle handle handle handle we vote for bjp not for u selfish pm modi
handle mangalyaan to mars was a success, so is modiyaan to uae
handle handle that because n sharif is not an idiot like pm modi ji, see how n sharif made a deal with china, num submarine
handle there must be some serious back channel agreementscoz modi ji is on fire on pak
its a momentous occasion for indian diaspora in uae. pm narendra modi ji has brought smiles on their faces by url
modi took name of every nation of saark, but nt of pakistan its new way of saying pakistan ki ma ki chut
one day we will see modi modi chanting by huge crowd in pakistan hashtag
rt handle it is in there interest. who would see anything else ? hashtag hashtag url
so much for getting the petro dollars to india. handle url
rt handle dear handle apply burnol u will b ok soon hashtag hashtag url
hashtag pm modi was awasome again today n very well said , fight terror or be isolated
modi has just rubbed some mirchi into pak hashtag hashtag
modis strategic checkmate dawoods assets to seized satyameva jayate url
rt handle handle handle handle handle hashtag if u want will request modi ji too
one can feel the energy hashtag
my reaction when modi ji speak
handle thank pm modi ji for visiting a labour camp in uae is huge. its first firm footstep towards recognising dignity of labour.
hashtag live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
rt handle parliaments mansoon session ruined due bjp scams still pm maunendra modi keeps shamless silence. kuchbolopm if u hav sum
feeling more proud to get such pm namo who stand with all indians url
only bolbacchanhw far can it take some one hashtag hashtag
handle safron heads are totally upset with moulana mulla modi khazoor offering namaz in dubai mosque. hard burned ass handle
amid grand reception, pm modi woos indian diaspora in packed dubai stadium see more at url
namo is not a name now.its just a phenomenon which covers everything where ever he goes.hashtag
handle i want our pm modi to visit saudi arabia next to address indian expats.
dont compare srk with modi, modi is nothing infront of srk in popularity especially in middle east and number of european nations
pm modi foreign tour listnum num
modi hell bent to do his task. chahe chatna hi kyon na pade but he will do it. hashtag
rockstar modi jee is rocking in uae
hashtag i didnt get a rupee when i sold tea & today, v dont get tea for re num url hashtag goes hashtag again
rtbut wo jo modi ne numrd minute me numth word bola,wo sahi nai tha. outra
rt handle hashtag due to pm modi handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle
thanks to narendra modi for glorious visit of uae
rt handle union minister uma bharati says she wants to write a book on pm narendra modi as she is impressed by his personality url
handle modi je always believe in one way of communication that is election rally , mann ke baat.
handle that is why journis like you are called presstitute.as your tweet favours anti modi camps and shows all modi supporters in
good days to india has come with modi ji becoming pmbut how these days are utilised is the big deal.
land for temple great decision pm modi
new hike in indian foreign investment by namo govthandle mata ki jai url
pm modis visit marks the beginning of a new and comprehensive strategic partnership between india and uae
congress has a template for anything that modi does (in this case visiting uae).
my hashtag friend says
modi in uae pm to address indian diaspora in dubai shortly url
it took num years for an indian pm to visit nepal which is less than num minutes away from delhi pm modi hashtag
read many jokes on hashtag in the morning. after the release of dubai stadium pics, there is a dead silence on the timelines of those handles
numk capacity of stadium num k registered sure authorities will take care of orderemoticon hashtag in hashtag
rt handle why modi is no longer ignoring the hashtag world, by handle url hashtag url
(tomorrow hell address rally in bih
sanctions were put on india. that time, vajpayee ji had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi in dubai
handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
great pm of india modi he will take india to development and we will be huge powerful nation. hashtag handle
rt handle lets all gear up for world cup mania in uae cricket ground right now, larger than life atmosphere yeah its modi url
handle its juz amazing to c namo speaking look at the crowd, thr is no hindu or muslim, indians r
rt dna declare orop implementation date immediately, brinda karat urges narendra modi url
modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential
for hashtag, this would be
rt handle modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism hashtag hashtag url url
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle outstanding
rt handle if it rains in india, indians in dubai open their umbrellas narendra modi hashtag
namo modis popularity increasing its speed like ferrari.
last message of general hameed gul to modi before his death (exclusive video) url
live feed of hashtag event url hashtag
may the force be with you url
rt handle they have been like that since modi became pm candidate url
rt handle time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi hashtag
handle after clean india, skill india,make in india, pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion url
absolutely and poor ashutosh numb thinks namo is referring to his much ignored boss overseas too! url
the only explanation of these modi events is that elite, vocal and influential, charts the way of indian society.
namo has the capacity to translate vision into reality. hashtag hashtag
handle handle more than ndtv we should ask this to manishanker aiyer and handle who called modi a regional leader
hashtag daynum discourse with handle will begin soon.
handle agree with mr.modi
pm modi thanks the crown prince and other leaders of the united arab emirates for their warmth and affection
must say modi ji has good pr machinery.
rt handle live hashtag watch indian diaspora recreate madison squarelike event for modi speech url
handle handle i am aware of it hashtag startd as a kid selling cup of tea, very humble beginning, non corrupt like hashtag
indiaunited arab emirates modi woos key gulf trade partner url handle
handle handle after witnessing modi rocks in dubai amidst mammoth crowd, i now realize y my italian maa s so jealous& spewing venom
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights url hashtag ndtv achedinaanewale
rt handle anybody heard of the tectonic shift in strategic balance after modi ji ended his historic tour of mongolia? no? me neit
rt handle you can see the shine in the eyes of a person who hears the word india. the reason is indias changed image narendra m
rt handle message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modis visit url url
rt handle what a rousing welcome cheering pm handle is getting, doubt whether any other hashtag has ever got.
rt handle pm modi takes a selfie at the sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi hashtag url
num days visit and an investment of num.numlac crore kamal kar diya modi saab hashtag
handle politicians make for the best memes. from modi to putin to trump
bjpnumtamilnadu rt isupportnamo crowd chanting modi modi modi
do u guys have some special lenses through which u see hashtag, even im not a blind follower but u guys url
every child love modi ji. hashtag url
$numtrillion investment opportunity in india? what about roi for investors?
india vs pak crowd < narendra modis speech crowd hashtag
india ready for num trillion dollar investment, modi tells uae investors
rt handle it is amazing. and that is why we are proud of modi ji. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
uae has supported indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi hashtag
handle sir this is a hoax to distract from modis successful uae trip sop of adarsh liberals.
modi embraces rich arabs but has no time for poor relatives of suffering muslims slaughtered in gujarat hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle now wait for press to announce nris arent aware of the grassroots problem and hence support modi handle handle
krk u need a medical treatment url
rt handle the cow is raising its tail url
modis malayalam clear explains why its a palindrome. hashtag
rt handle above all, i am glad modi visited the camp. the irrepressible handle tweetstormed sushma swaraj to do it last year url
rt handle first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at handle event in dubai hashtag num seconds url
& modi govt gratified every indian to perform its duty perfectly.
uae companies will invest in indian real estate
modi uses num of whatever chance he gets to troll the opposition.
uae introducing shirk. after fall of mecca in num ad,idolatry reintroduced for first time by uae in arab lands url
rt handle modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment url hashtag
handle you yourself is a big modi bhakt hashtag
finally a secular congressi replied to muslims cheering for modi ye muslims nahi bohra community hai hashtag (only taliban is muslim)
rt handle fair to say the turn out at modis speech in dubai is quite impressive url
rt handle dear handle, educate them, how can you see them smiling on modis speech
rt handle no leader has connected indians in such manner as hashtag has done. unity in diversity that too on foreign lands. hashtag
rt handle modi in dubai live dubai cricket stadium nearly full url
handle handle handle india has num trillion investment opportunities pm modi in uae url hashtag
what a terrible weekend for hashtag rtp
pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi url via aninews
& modi says hindu cant be terrorist
gujarat ias officer lined up, waiting for his promotionhandle appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi.
watch live namo in dubai url
all i know is that hashtag now needs to deal with closer to home issues.
prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate tomorrow highway projects involving investment of rs num,num crore in url
we had a hashtag who never spoke hashtag,we have a hashtag who never ends speaking hashtag,extremity is always bad
dearheartby url rt timesnow marhaba namo num,num indians attend the mega event at dubai c url
hashtag modi among indian at uae stadium. crowed cheering. he starts his speach with bharat mata ki jai
not trying to rain on his parade & hes doing well, but this is how modi meets & chants are choreographed.
rt handle .handle [modi] doesnt think in terms of muslims or christians to him they are all indians. url
it has lasted for generations n will, without endorsements. url
he choses a day of keralas new year day and wishes them in malayalam. url
modi should take raadhe ma on his next trip. should be fun
hashtag we dont look at the colour of the passport for indians. the colour of our blood is enough pm hashtag url
handle handle handle time for modi to decide if he has to avoid foreign tours to save honour of motherland@handle handle
handle handle non bjp supporters xpressing admiration for namoproves his sincerity in efforts touches every india welwisher!
now theyve suddenly discovered concern for the forces. url
either they complaint about him or drool!
watch modi live in dubai hashtag url
hes here for a long haul not going anywhere url
handle i dont watch ndtv. orop will happen come what may. its a namo vow. let him assess the whole thing before he takes his call.
handle handle hashtag called seculars ko mirchi lag gayi handle ke liye crowd dekhkar ,barnol out of stock, labour pain started
hashtag dragging hashtag sr. for good. hashtag
because he is christianmedia is christian media is the law,, modi sleeps gets fat!hashtag url
modi baitersunderstand this. he is focusing on generating resources. so that india has more money to spend on programs for the poor.
indians in gulf countries, especially labourers, have played a huge role in contributing to remittances narendra modi
modi promised while visiting tn during elections that he will link rivers of north with south. not even a single stone turned hashtag
the show is about to begin! proud to have modi as pm. hashtag
rt handle handle after num yrs of your hatred, modi is pm and you have become a filthy street bitch with no employment
hashtag pm modis strategic visit to uae url
see the impact of modi url
india as a nation has collapsed num of hindus have bcom sickular, other num of hindus have bcom slaves of indias mullah pm modi.
hashtag our insurance scheme is as affordable as rs num per month pm hashtag url url
namo is so much influenced by vajpayee ji.
hashtag an outstanding speech by pm modi at dubai stadium.hats off sir, you make us indians proud with the way you connect with us. thnx.
handle understated&modi dont go in the same sentence.oh wait,u didnt usemodi,but doubt his speech writers have the guts num say so
rt handle did modi promise to give each indian numl from black money? url do you have videos to challenge handle
rt handle hashtag it has been painful for congress to take in, now that modi gets oil from uae, it wont be rtp handle
nishanats url pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stad url
seriously handle ? thought there was enough proof against both.wonder why modi govt is going soft agnst gandhis! url
handle that too shouting modi modi
url pm modi urges uae to invest in india bbc news url
momma, i can see modis flight it is cho chmaal url
had a wonderful meeting with handle. we talked about several issues & agreed on need of stronger indiauae ties, tweets pm modi
nation is proud of u honble pm handle ji htt
not even half an hour after the speech. sirji kabhi toh rest lo url
handle handle r u gone crazy only num peoplei think its around numk people inside stadiumhindustan times always against modi
rt handle you are always mistaken mr. desai url
after modis visit to uae islamic terror will take effect involving pakn dawood handle handle url
really proud of you hashtag handle hashtag http
rt handle hashtag for a handful of lunatics n hashtag but a ray of hope num majority n true son of india, he is my pm naren
hashtag was agreed by govt of india before modi became pm of india but it has not been given by modi govt even after num months.
rt handle responding to hashtag jis call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm narendra modi url
hashtag modi is selling insurance rather than shame pak for killing num indians by pak on sat.if num doesnt work out,there always lic
handle handle people are gong there at free will and now uae knows namo
rt handle handle in inds ugliness,i hv found my own lexicon a la rthow visceral modihaters would rather see dirty i
rt handle modi mass so many flights are there btwn india nd uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation url
every indians pm no religious breakout url
handle ,hashtag ,handle handle ,handle pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple,hashtag
proud to be indian emoticon
handle hashtag then why would you have hashtag defense minister run to hashtag to deal immediately upon being elected hashtag ?
waiting for my non existing girl friend to serve me the similar dish. url
if we go by modis speech, the greatest achievement of bjp is to have formed govt. in new delhi & modis greatest achievement becoming pm.
our rockstar hashtag is all set to rock the uae indian diaspora. wish modi sahib all the best
handle actually modi is wrong. aint it indian extra constitutional pm sonia u congi govt always worked with hh dawoodji via dubai?
handle an anti version too. libs commonly say. though im not a modi fan while conceding a point. it means dont unfollow me als.
hashtag reaches on stage. people chanting modi modi.
what a lovely bit of schizophrenic amnesia. those who hounded modi oh forget it emoticon url
hashtag hashtag proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minis url hashtag hashtag hashtag
does modi seriously think hashtag will pick hashtag over hashtag ? arabs are as communal as the rss. hashtag
rt handle for num years, no pm spoke about the need to clean up our villages and cities. modi did, and they called it marketing.
handle num.num billion indians had an overdose of modi visit crossed the saturation point. not at the cost of taxpayer.
rt handle i said many times, this term modi working with establishment, next term establishment will work with him url
live watch pm modi in uae solution for any situation is through dialogue pm modi on naga pact url
enthusiasm at dubai made us proud of namo. hashtag handle handle handle hashtag hashtag
strange but true modi who presided over the gujarat genocide talks of dangers of terrorism in india at dubai hashtag hashtag
for the last num years, an hour before the pm would actually speak, journos would get access to the speech.now total extempore speech by modi
hashtag namo doing shah rukh khan type marketing
rt handle in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur.
rt handle just coz esms hv criticized goi on orop n modi has got negative publicity some bjp bhakts hv been criticizing esms all
rt handle handle u can openly name modi most of the time but cant take name of dynasty leader n other politician
rt handle theyre the ones that delayed the decision for hashtag.
huge crowd at maharban namo
pm modi arrives in abu dhabi to a ceremonial welcome
the indian community in dubai says marhaba (welcome) namo with a grand welcome hashtag
modi gets num.numl cr investment from uae.
the way modi is bragging about himself gives a message that he is one man army of india. hashtag
rt handle mr modi is the best prime minister of india ever,he is the man of commitment,knowledge,moral,responsibility
handle indian media claiming that modi gave tough message to pakistan from dubai soil. your comment would be appreciated
modi! double doctorate in public speaking hashtag hashtag
handle modi is letting this happen is a worrysnakes always come back to bite if not crushed, killedesp snakes in human form
handle your wish fulfilled url
rt handle now after num pm nobody will trend this topic hashtag coz at numpm there will be only one sound hashtag hashtag hashtag
super sixers & boundaries by modi ji in uae
handle pm modi global community should reject states supporting terrorismsmart way of telling uae to let go of pak love
rt handle india proud of expatriates modi url
still they are unable to understand the peoples support for modi url
handle only modi who knows he is unattractive will get such stories written. rajiv didnt have this problem url
handle handle well if u got spine in ur back show ur regular prog and then show highlight of modi nautanki afterwards.
namos popularity has not diminished at all as hashtag proves it !
hashtag opportunities for hashtag in hashtag hashtag url
rt handle hashtag hashtag at hashtag public event to start at num pm ist url
hashtag marhaba namo. dubai rocks at pm modis tune. historical moment for india and indians settled in uae.
great leader namo url
burnol moment for hashtag hashtag hashtag url
pm modi announces indian community welfare fund (icwf) to help the indian community in uae hashtag
rt handle ever expected for an indian pm to stand in uae and talk about terrorism with such force?only namo could and namo did. hashtag
rt handle what was handle handle handle reaction whn people chanted modi modi at sz mosque?
aftr handle retird never thought would ever listen to chants like sachin sachin but today modi modi at uae was similar hashtag
mr modi, hashtag land for swami narayan temple in uae is
un s not properly dfined terrorism yet
rt handle no dear journos, sanjiv bhatt is not someone who took on guj govtmodi. he is someone who put baseless allegations rejected
pm modi says started emigrate portal to address problems of indian immigrants hashtag
congressis stashed their illegal wealth in swiss banks,modi getting foreign investments to flow in india,thats the difference hashtag
india pm modi raises the national flag on independence day url via handle
rt handle diaspora is very very important if you want to become an influential nation. modi knows it and acting over it very well
handle investment to buy pakistan or usa silence pls will hav to wait till namo speaks next time
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url url
madam wait till num. after num yrs of modi rule all your wishes will be fulfilled. handle handle url
modi modi modi modi chant waiting for the pm to arrive.
indias who work in gulf countries as labourers have greatly contributed to india pm hashtag
we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm hashtag url
world leader namo url
handle handle so called modi leher.
hashtag dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
sahara group may have roped in lalit modi to sell hotels abroad. madison capital informs sc that co has asked it to forward its bids to modi
handle handle whats the reason behind the num daytrip to dubai by modi. read it here @ url
love to watch hashtag monkey circus at pm
modi has some legacy now
rt handle india feels proud because of you pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium url
where can i watch modi in dubai speech online?
rt handle i have a feeling that just as modi had hired many people to do propaganda for him on social media, kejriwal has done the same.
cue reaction shots of dropped jaws when i say action! url
after pakistan,modi govt opts for nsa level talks with uae.sushmas role in foreign policy is officially being eclipsed by doval
rt handle modi ji whats the reason for change in world perception of india?
namo fire fire fire fire fire
handle a claim that it was allotted earlier. url
pm narendra modis uae visit quick take url
handle though am a modi supporter i feel you are being fascist
handle thats the reason, we selected modi ji as pmoi naa!
india elected modi believing he s an allrounder
rt handle i am sure ppl wont come taking so much hardahip and waiting under num dgree sun heat impossible this love is only for m
what we now know is namo has a good fan following even among native muslims of uae. human behaviour never ceases to surprise.
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae
handle handle handle modi came to power with many such jumlas. why not question modi?
rt handle not surprised to see such enthusiasm in uae for modi. for nris in these countries, its a great chance to finally show off t
narendra modi stays popular despite recent hiccups poll url
modi sarcastically targets congress and pakistan at the same time.
valid point. dont know how successful modi will eventually turn out to be as the pm but definitely a good marketeer url
after seeing left pic bhakts right wants modi to stop tweeting further selfies
narendra modi num arrested as crews fight montebello hills blaze; num contained one suffered heat exhaustion, o url
handle handle.call num hoursbharat bandhtogether oppositions against pak aggression&silence of modi govt url
rt handle handle by the by how many schools modi ji rahul ji running with their money how many hospitals handle handle
rt handle amazing crowd shouting modi modi modi! dear handle u want these ppl num enter parliament hashtag
rt handle handle handle a thundering namo making pak isi generals piss in their pants hashtag
rt handle modi never said that, associate editor, the hindu. url
how foolish & pathetic! hashtag renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar & we support shamelessly. it is not greatest jumla of numst century?
absolutelyno presence. luk faaaar right, some seats are empytht too num hours bnum d program. he is failed in uae! url
i just dont give a fuck about that temple thing in uae. will become a liability for modi. hashtag
perfect speech by hashtag in hashtag concertfeeling proud as we hav pm like himgrt jobhashtag hashtag hashtag
they are chanting modi modi heartburn for indian hashtag and hashtag url
does any religion ever teaches terrorsm ? surely no
we are investing already. can someone help get the bureaucracy out of the way? cc handle url
our indian pm sri narendra modi ji giving a power filled oration in the jam packed cricket stadium of dubai uae.
very impressive and strong speech by pm modi hashtag
pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates. url
rt handle didnt modi say something on these lines when he visited north east india? url
mr. narendra modi has to do something on the realistic ground url
rt handle i have witnessed two things in my life
every week more than num flights from india arrive in dubai, but it took num years for an indian pm to travel here. pm modi hashtag
hashtag i am thinking last year anti modi people use to say that in all his rally , modi use to carry url
they have been like that since modi became pm candidate url
pm narendra modi greets the hashtag community at the start of hashtag
rt handle modi*gives a perfect speech,acts amazingly*
now modi wishes to bring fdi from uae
hashtag greets malayalees in hashtag and the stadium roarsin delight. hashtag hashtag url
thats why incompetent state bjp may lose hashtag still
modi storm hits dubai cricket groundevery sentence cheered like a sixer crowd going mad hashtag hashtag
handle handle handle she is not of tht stnd tht modi needs to mention her directly or indirectly. .for modi who barkha
handle i guess it should be pappus first agenda when he becomes pm hashtag meanwhile let hashtag do what he can do.
waiting for some moron handle spoki to say that dis crowd has been paid to travel from india with modi! hashtag
rt handle live hashtag indians working here are making the country proud through their conduct pm modi url
handle when electing pms like modi become a habit with indians and the likes of motherson gandhis are banished into oblivion.
people who question hashtag wave need num see what respect he gets in the world! namo can make india reach where no one can imagine
bad news tough on terror speech by pm modi
handle strategic shift is happening
rt handle i hope he remembers what he spoke, pathetic handle handle handle handle handle url
congress and modi haters start applying burnol. hashtag
thank you for your wisheshandle
bad terrorists dawood , lakhvi others
hashtag should have first visited mosque in india aimplb url hashtag hashtag url
handle the scamgress party was sleeping for num years. rip van winkle woke up today after modi visit handle
pm modi uae and india send a strong message against terrorism with this joint statement hashtag
pakistan totally strippedmodi rocked,pakistan shockedhashtag url
namo rocks everywhereexcept the secularistan where all the seculars reside hashtag
neoca url rt babubhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi dim
for this he is there in london, not for his wife.
marhaba namo watching narendra modi at dubai sports cityinternational cricket stadium url
me looking at every modi rally abroad man, theres so many indians on the planet.
oops. he was the one who halted it for years. remember bangladesh eam travelling to gandhi nagar for his support? emoticon url
national anthem in dubai time stood still! hashtag modi
please stop politics over our muslim friends!
why veiled it should be clear message url
rt handle handle pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi hashtag url
he gets people all charged up, happy and proud. i have no regret in saying i started feeling patriotic due to modi ji.
dear modi, did u tell them how to treat promises? url
handle are u attending dubai meeting of namo
handle we love you modi ji url
hope hashtag someday after mangalore stops assaulting women (num) who dared to go clubbing and suspend bbm girls url
rt handle read sting op of ranveer sena terrorists backed by top bjp leaders mm joshi, sushil modi etc. hashtag htt
made india and indians proud
rt handle thats what i call an analyst! such accurate prediction a year in advance! sheer brilliance! url
rt handle for all those who were craving for modis views on terrorism. today is the day.
handle yes undoubtedly mr. modi is the best!
handle modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament hahaha. i also wanted so.
watch modi live too good one politician whom people love to listen
so you accepted modi to be a jumla babu
handle handle ohhh lol donkeys porkis in which police station u laung the fir.no body will hear your voice against india or modi
jai ho namo the great pm url
missed opportunity to shout chhappan inch ki chhaati emoticon url
handle i am sure modi will deliver on his promises. would you kindly focus on installing cctv and providing wifi?
hashtag it is easy to say.but hard to done.promises of namo.it will take num to num years to complete the promises
is it really a kind of ?
hashtag modi pm vajpayee had urged expats to contribute
change is not because of modi. its because of num crore indian wishes and their passion n hope. hashtag hashtag
ravish is busy taking out negativity in pm modi speech in dubai. sick minded. his he is a tv journalist or dalals of communist or congress
i pity on those who prove themselves secular , hashtag has proved that he is more secular than anynum else. url
handle handle handle handle handle your comments on modi speech in dubai today url
all pakistani tweeps that were arguing for pakistan helping rich arabs bomb poor yemen, hope your watching the namo show in uae
indians are so lucky to have a prime minister like sri narendra modi.
handle only place that speaks of the same url
jubilant crowds throng dubai stadium for modi address url
spectacular convoy ferrying namo just left oberoi for sports city stadium handle
why is her rti not been accepted and replied hashtag
i belive modi can sell dead bullock to a farmer, a real gujarati vaniya.hashtag
on modis visit,first thing uae does is allot a land to build numst temple.bhagwan ke aashirvaad se sab theek hoga hashtag hashtag
that moment when modi caught myattention handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle pm modi says nris in dubai have always made india proud hashtag
modi thanks hashtag for allotting plot for temple hashtag hashtag url url
hashtag pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan url hashtag hashtag
hashtag outstanding speech by modi. very enthusiastic.
rt dailyo why modi is no longer ignoring the hashtag world, by minhazmerchant url hashtag url
rt handle modi have asked embassies to help indians overseas using the indian community welfare fund. handle
num yrs silence for the experts who predicted that relationship with the middleeast would collapse if modi ever became the pm.
modi in full form today. witty, sarcastic, funny and inspiring. good stuff url
dear handle the images of huge numbers of muslims at modis dubai rally will impact bihar hashtag and im sure you know
handle well done modi sir you are a crowd puller in real sense hashtag
handle handle and pakistan is blasting almost everyday.why not tweeting that mr.modi
rt handle best outcome of pm modi uae visit arnab found no cause to yell & scream,get outraged,go ballistic. india will sleep more
emoticon thats modi mania url
aaptards and congi pay attention modi baba is busy with work not on massage trip
pm modi arrives in abu dhabi to a ceremonial welcome url via handle
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb url via handle.orangenewsnum.com
pm modi first indian pm to reach war ravaged jaffna, salute
fikrokhabar bhatkal online news portal uae allots land for building temple on modi visit url
good speech by pm handle
modi has got the diaspora going in his favor for sure. if he can now bring in a postal ballot, he may just about tip the polls in his favor.
see how handle missed the numnd line where handle said that it took numyrs for indian pm to come to uae url
rt handle and mashallah to those modi doubledecker buses, too.
dear mr modi the temperature in dubai is num degrees, kindly avoid blowing more hot air.
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law board (aimplemoticon on mo url
handle all the leaders of the political parties must appreciate the brilliant leadership of modi jee in redefining foreign policy
hashtag there must b something special abt hashtag tht people from all over th world, despite th sweltering heat, come herenumwork. hashtag
rt handle dozens dead after bomb attack at hindu temple in bangkok. is this what modi wants at uae temple? stop provoking people by m
somehow i believe in handle new model for cricket. its going to do what hashtag did to the game. love to see it url
i would like to request to pm narendra modi to solve mumbai local train issues.
pm modi has num types of criticsnumst those are jealous to his formidable success; numnd chicken hearted ;numrd clelks turned journalists
rt handle whatever the situation may be, the solution to everything is through dialogue pm hashtag url htt
jgh from gc torres with a good friend of mine. goodnight! god bless sa quizzes namo ugma. hehehe lavan pharma!
narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi.
pm modi in uae india & uae agree to establish infra investment fund of $num bn
rt handle sometimes modi acts like that neighbourhood aunty who praises her kids but always has bad things to say about other kids in th
namo rubbing it in. a region with heavy indian populace.but took num yrs for a pm to visit.says his predecessors left these for him.
rt handle we should have more ties with arab world. there is nothing great about pm modis visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque handle
bjpnumtamilnadu rt isupportnamo pm modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium narendramodi
hashtag pm modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh url hashtag hashtag
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights url
rt handle handle modi at dubai is available live at url please retweet for all
modi bitches about previous govts on international trip just like those neighbour wali aunties criticize. maa baap nahi dekhte kya inke.
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag pm modi urges uae to invest in india url
rt handle hashtag hashtag modi in uae marhaba namo as dubai readies for indian pms public address url
adarsh liberals after they came to know muslims are cheering for modi in dubai.
rt handle when atal bihari vajpayee ji was the pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry pm
twitter bhakts whatay watersipping namo ji ji ji
handle handle cultural shows with colorful turbans attire modi looks more ready for bollywood rather than a statesman
rt handle handle handle with num cabinet xii pass or lower & num criminal chrgd what you expect miracles? its bjp in m
rt handle now modi is talking about hashtag hashtag emoticon
his uae visit made all us proudand put a stop mark over so called seculars
modi to uae india has $ num trillion potential, invest in it url via handle
economy picking up just due to modis speeches. so much methane. hashtag
modi sir is a good( p m )of india
at some point in time, hashtag used to fix right here. now hashtag is fixing. for the good. hashtag url
rt handle live dubai is no longer a mini india. it has now become a mini world pm modi in dubai url
blast in bangkok and hashtag tweeted right then last num days continued firing from pak and not a word regarding that hashtag hashtag
first indian pm in num years? what a shameless way if tweeting. rascal url
modi addresses thousands of indian expats at dubai cricket stadium url
over num,num watch live
rt handle pm modi says time has come for the people of the world to unite against terrorism hashtag
handle never said that you were blaming modi. even i meant the same and equally worried about such ignorancenegligence. handle
handle handle sounds disoriented with the hatred. just cant accept the fact that modi is pm and here to stay
who is the brindakhart, naxal cpm has any roll with orop, url
it is quite understood maun mohan vs sab mohan.
pm modi live from uae great man great words handle handle hashtag
nris in stadium are angry with modi.
temple in islamic country uaemr. modi you truely have num inch chestwe proud of youkeep going
i have never seen anything like this before. it surely still is the modi wave. hashtag
handle it was abnormal for nri to
handle modi, a true politician indeed. bjp in tn has a big space. hope u give a think. hashtag
rt handle pm modi to arrive in dubai at numpm times now times of india (blog) url hashtag
great thoughtful initiativenamo govt num launch accesible india num help differently abled people url via handle
hashtag got temple land it was already decided.
to those who said modi wave will die within a few months. i hope this event is a good reality check. hashtag
just two days back in iday speech modi ji said that ek saal ke under har village mein light pahuch jayegi, today he said itll take numyrs
handle handle handle well said ! he is modi the great
handle handle i wonder why mr modi is holding a political procession in uae?
despite the high temperature and extreme humidity, mood among crowd bnum modi visit is very eclectic. hashtag url
pm narendra modi reaches out to indian diaspora in dubai; announces madad platform, emigrant portal url
handle handle .in return soga will not untie namos nadapatti handle .whatever they do, it is just to fool people.
rt handle feeling proud on our pm modi. hope our friends in opposition should acknowledge it publicly as they do in private
pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates. via rworldnews url
thank u modi sir for doing all this for our country jai hind url
handle wow watching live namo speech
rt handle the mosque in uae where modi stepped inside should be cleaned (gusul) with ms of gallons of water. terrorists aint allowed th
mini india with only num,num indians
handle mr modi on one side you send us greetings on independence day, and on other side you label us with terrorism!
hashtag kyon na kahe if modi governance is indeed so revolutionary & progressive after numyears of modi rule why is guj not mini japan?
great to see such large crowd of indians assembled to hear the pm modi.bharat mata ki jai
navy says theres asbestos at guantnamos camp justice, but its safe for occupancy url
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister narendra modi, wi url
on the daily hashtag watch w hashtag in hashtag url url
num,num inside the stadium and over num,num people outside stadium wait for an historic moment in uae hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle the goodwill modi commands is there for all to see. it would be a pity to waste this opportunity for a better india so true
significant part of modis speech directed at pakistan. many references to saarc countries. hashtag
i really proud to be indian
india, united arab emirates plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investments url
hashtag rock in dubai soil with respected dubai rulers, url
indian pm modi lauds decision to provide land for temple during landmark twoday visit touae url url
handle the types whod find modi ecstatic are part of his brotherhood.
rt handle paid rss swamsewak in skullcaps at dubai stadium chanting moddimodi is a clear proof that muslims are not safe in dubai.
modi dupes liberals into believing he is becoming secular by visiting mosque. while gets land for promoting hindutva and rss
handle tht shameless modi may go on antartica tour
essel world is planning to sign narendra modi as its brand ambassador
rt handle may be putting censorship on modi bashing from gcc! notice to self *be cautious & diplomatic* url
rt handle wont b surprise if handle & handle demands pm modi to wear jockey banyaan instead of sum international brand.
handle never its only modi
hashtag is still a slave of muslims & has gone to hashtag for asking their help to provide funds for rss political party bjp. shame. hashtag
rt handle modi handshake leaves workers speechless hashtag
with that speech by pm modi in dubai, pakistan felt as betrayed as their ex who is now in a relationship with his worst enemy. hashtag
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp while condemning the killi url hashtag hashtag
rt handle our brother islamic country uae has decided to support india in its bid to seek un security council membership during m
how can you promise when you wont be around after num years url
super stone cold stunnerrattle snake url
it is highly unfortunate that narendra modi government who came to power promising a corruption free state has url
ndtv have invited sanjaynirupam for spiting venom against pm handle and abhigyan pronouncing modis
rajeshanjuu url rt brownbrumby ab bas karo priti ji. national anthem is special to every in url
muslims residing in dubai singing jana gana mana from the bottom of their heart and shouting modi modi this man surely commands respect!
rt handle modi becomes first indian prime minister to visit the uae in num years
handle sir may god give u strength and energy to lead team india for next num years god bless modi and india
so many muslims chanting modi, modi in stadium. hashtag crying in one corner. hashtag
lucky fr him if he dsnt visit uk. whn modiji wl be hremst probably in nov. url
objectives and bullet points must have been finalized by hashtag for tomorrows modi bashing. hashtag hashtag
i am a fan of hashtag but hashtag doesnt have that stature not yet hashtag
modi has become first pm to condemn its predecessors in aforeign land.very unfortunte.
handle oh, im not blaming modi at all, its our culture im worried about handle
rt handle modimodi chants gives me goosebumps. hashtag
handle defection just because modi spoke one word in malayalam?
handle handle y only in saudi. let modi ask for land allotted for hindu temple in hashtag, which has a huge church complex
handle he is sooooooooo stupid omg url if modi is stupid. what about other two in pic. ?
i too, didnt expected him to finish in num term.
to gujraat riots minds url
simple because they wet their undies thats why.
pm modi says strong foundation laid for diplomatic ties to help future generations hashtag
hashtag modi modi modi echoing in the ground lyk never bnum not even during the cricket matchesrockstar pm handle
modi fails to correctly pronounce a single word of malayalam right in his new year wish to the mallus! hashtag
pm modi asks over num,num indians to give crown prince a standing ovation at dubai cricket stadium. hashtag url
rt handle modi mentions nuclear tests, negates conciliatory message to global muslims. hashtag
hashtag thailand hashtag hashtag hashtag modi hashtag
handle proves that hashtag has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage seclar poltics hashtag
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime minister narendra modi should be ashamed
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok url free submission url
handle as usualdubai is all set a create a new world record fr noise pollution with the chants of modi,modi.
rt handle uae is a islamic country. correct me if wrong? and modi is a anti muslim pm as per hashtag well feeling sorry for the
some indian has different color of blood prof modi url
modi ji is best in self promotion & selfies hashtag
namo i say, i say, i say, i sayaise hi emoticon
hashtag to be bought by muslims
bangkok blast is a result of gujarat riots. modi should answer
handle emoticon dont worry if u lose the journo job you can make a good joker emoticon url
rt handle hashtag hashtag awesome namowe are so proud of you
pm modi when global leaders shake hands with modi they see num cr indians
handle handle modi talks lot of negatives & starts with sarcasm self chest thumping denigrating others always self praise wont work
now, thinks how saraswati maa blessed her child narendra modi, without efficient speech you cant make personal contact with so big crowd
handle mummy has promised pappu to send him to dubai after modi returns on the groundhe will erase the signatures of modi on enotebk
looking at modis determination to curb terrorism im very sure hes going to shut down rss terror camps across india as soon as he returns!
handle modi ji, you are on state visit to uae, please uphold dignity of the country url
pm handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi
handle handle over a period of num years am sure modi ji will deliver
handle are you watching pm modi on tv too ? hashtag hashtag url
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are num other things he was the first to do
hashtag hashtag hashtag pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister naren url hashtag hashtag
motivational n very energetic speech by modi ji.we mst learn fm him hw num serve d nation n mak relship wid other.hashtag
rt handle the last time so many people sang the national anthem was during hashtag when handle playe hashtag he is a rock star. cha
looks like namo will be on stage earlier than expected.
wow u did it again , modi digra . u rocked . why indians love modi because he is a true nationalist , non corrupted , born leader .
rt handle modi with uae prince , so close url
handle handle handle great discovery .ask me modi to submit all documentary evidence agst congress to sit ed.
this modi wave sweep everyone! the ambassador of num crore indians at its best! hashtag
rt handle it is abominable that pm modi continues his pathetic lowbrow jibes at opposition partys when abroad. a huge embarrassme
seeing live again from dubai ; how precious was my vote was in num ! jai namo jai hind !
praise your charity !
modi rocks in dubai. have a lurking suspicion tht smthg is brewing amongst several nations in strategic coop.& modi is the main protagonist.
i see before me here a miniindia pm modi tells num,num indians at a stadium in dubai
problem with aap supporters is that they are busy in telling what modi is not doing rather telling what kejriwal url
handle ps. following pm modi & uae trip
pm modi said i will go back india when need me for lecture and lambi lambi fekhna hoga
handle thanks the rulers of uae as they have requested to add india to the un security council. url
handle i agree with modi ji whats the vision of india in num no one tells this so directly
handle modi is showing clear symptoms of being narcissistic. i wonder why no one is able to see this.
rt handle agree rt handle if modi becomes pm this time then he will be our pm for next num years for sure!
rt handle except maybe cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi. url
hashtag rt sanjayvaze it took only num mins to travel nepal. but v took num years to visit nepal
brand modi outshines again. hashtag
anand sharma will say inc got this money url
url rt smitaprakash malayalees get special mention in pm modi speech. and he speaks a sentence of greetings in malaya
indias modi faces tough afghan choices asia times url
modi fully using platform to propagate his good work. good tactic
rt handle prime minister modi visits zero carbon masdar city on day num of his uae visit url
prime minister modi visited masdar city uae video url via handle
and handle feeling same.
watch live broadcast streaming from our it park times.
hashtag suddenly all news channels switch modi dubai speech. but he looking hauntingly glum.any ominous news ex home eg veterans& socialmedia
handle sir why you always against modi ji come on groups
modi equates his own bred ttp with afghan taliban in dubai. he funds one to kill innocents while others fight occupied forces.
rt handle fact this important relationship was neglected for more than num decades suggests a class bias. good on modi. url
my kiddo watching modi speech on tv and saying bharat mata ki jai on hearing bharat word in speech. schools teach some good things
pm modi visits uae labour camp, underscores concern over worker welfare url
rt handle the cynics summary of modis too achievements. url
hashtag visits num countries in num months hashtag hashtag
how debt is derailing modis plans for better growth hashtag url url
rt handle very good points by modi .sending strong signals to everyone ,from kashmiri separatists to every indian
for another two decades bjp will definitely rule gujarat without a doubt!
its not modi wave, its a storm. hashtag
rt handle the truth behind modi and the temple in abu dhabi url hashtag
modi offers $numtrn investment opportunities in housing,railways and tourism . url
uae has supported indias demand for permanent membership to the un security council hashtag
prime minister narendra modi didnt mention pakistan, but he d hashtag
rt handle modi takes his usual election rally drama to west asia. hashtag
hashtag super kick to pakistan and congress. wow modi ji we have waited for this super stunning speech. bharat mata ki jaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiii
did only chef flown in or along with him a contigent ? will b interesting to know , url
handle what modi will not say when hashtag is about nihalchand maya kodani vitthal radia , surajbhan singh , yeddurapaa etc etc
yaar ye standing ovation to modi ji ne obama ko tak nhi dilvayie thi lagta hai kuch bada chaah rahe hai crown prince se hashtag
one day we will trend hashtag hopefully that will be our last trend relating to modi. hashtag
pm narendra modis silence on ceasefire violations hurtful omar abdullah url via handle handle handle
handle oh god yeh sab to handle hai modi ki pr team le ke gai, burnol for all hashtag plz
why is modi campaigning against the bjp? emoticon url
pm narendra modi departs from abu dhabi for dubai on the second leg of his uae visit
last hopehandle bjp sources say pm modi likely to announce a special package for bihar tomorrow
jo mandir na gye wo kya smjhenge.importance of temple in dubai, but thy ll nt miss the chance of criticising modi here as well hashtag
handle handle modis oratory can bring the dead alive lulz
live watch narendra modis speech in dubai watch indian prime minister, narendra modis, speech live in dub url
yuvaitv the internet tv initiative from bjp url
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi hashtag .
modi just said few words in malayalam ! hashtag
it doesnt take num mins to reach nepal yet it took num years for the indian pm to reach nepal pm modi
pm handle modi begins his address at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
hashtag wonder what pathetic response tom vadakkan is going to put up in response to pm modis electrifying speech
tell you modi will win an election in uae if they have one noweasy going style, full flow, knows hes ribbing secularswinning the crowd
handle reason for modis tour of uae. experts wont tell you this url
if modi asks people to run into a stone wall, they would hashtag
rt handle modi is silent coz he doesnt want to give opposition a chance to throw muck at him. dont engage, seem above everything, k
handle thank you. i love narendra modi! emoticon
pm modis dubai speech key highlights
got to give that to him. modi is doing a great job trolling dubai.
rt handle okayleadership , orator , visioneverything is fine with modibut where are the actions indias development real
this bhrpc seems to be a propaganda site handle url
rt handle sanjiv chaturvedi modi is not the anticorruption messiah we were waiting for
handle handle modi made it again well speech
very true. lalit modi is living proof of this url
num) do you think we have unrealistic expectations with modi government?
modi speech feeling proud
rt handle hashtag & commies in hashtag drinking and weeping after modis visit to mosque in the uae.
handle handle handle your comment please url
rt handle crowd attendance for dubai rugby seven (largest sporting event in last num yrs) num,num.
namo sent out a warning blast for malayali politricians from dubai. hope they are taking heed.
rt handle does modi really believe that everybody else is a fool to believe all his lies and bluffs all the time!
modi says i have been given task of finishing many good tasks
a.but is a word which sagarika g starts her tweets with, every time modi does something which indians are proud of.
modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi ho, yeh sambhav nahi
modi clearly talking tough on terror. impressive on that count. also, that came before make in india pitch hashtag
rt handle he (r gandhi) is the greatest circus clown that free india has ever seen.
hashtag started back to delhi after a path breaking visit to uae !
handle modi top priority should be to develop eastern and northeastern parts of the country. have any pm of past perceived it?
today,prime minister speech in uae was mindblowing.salute u modi g.
rt handle you aint no world leader till you get a namo hug, biatch! hashtag url
haters, waste your time in hate.
e dhoklabhai,the trees in gulf hv stopped producing gold,u will do baklol n go,the govt will start taxing the expats url
handle handle handle modi sir we want direct flight from patna to gcc.
rt handle todays speech was masterful. hashtag back on top oratorial form. style, substance, the lot. hashtag
rt handle such euphoria no doubt pm modi rocks hashtag hashtag url
pm modi is a rockstar
hashtag unprecedented security for prime minister modi on independence day url hashtag
& those who says muslims dont luv ind jst watch todays modi evnt so many indian muslims singing jan gan man mak u feel proud
rt handle handle his critics have a point. where is the modi wave url
indias government censorship since his election in may num, prime minister narendra modi has trumpeted indi url
rt handle are their any provisions in our constitution to pay extra to a multi skilled pm? emoticon url
highly grateful to the leaders of abu dhabi and dubai narendra modi
rt handle nobody can beat modi in marketing india nobody in the world may have done such a job in num months. but ground reali
abu dhabi open to supplying more oil to india minister indian pm narendra modi, who is on a twoday visit to url
rt handle handle handle land alloted in num when mms took efforts not modi only pr event by modi & media
is this a secular nation? http
whether he drums up fdi or not, modi is giving ulcers to haters each time he goes abroad or a head of state visits india
kuch bhi kaho, bande ka craze to hai url
just cause the gig is happening at a cricket stadium, do they have to dress like cheerleaders? hashtag url
rt handle num.;now peoples expectations from modi govt has reached all time high.every one expects from modi govt.to do some miracle.
numnovicesi am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights url prime minister narendra modi on a
how important is the pm modi visit to dubai? are changings expected in relation to indian muslims?
unbelievable modi mega show in dubai.
see the crowd, getting ready for narendra modi in dubai feeling excited at dubai international cricket stadium url
rt handle is modi visiting oman? after namo reversed is oman.
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm narendra modis address to indian diaspora in dubai url
i hope modi has few words for the indian labourers that built the stadium that he is holding his ramleela in.
which hashtag pm in past has marketed hashtag so beautifully like this in last num years? namo namo namo namo namo url
shradha sharma such great speech of narendra modi in dubai. we all are luckey to url hashtag url
rt handle modi made num foreign visits as pm before making his first trip to the mideast. most of those trips were to asia and eu
rt handle thank you handle .handle at his best. must read n i totally agree with him url
nobody played on foreign policy turf like this gentleman.
kind of shamelessness and small mindedness url
modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism hashtag hashtag url url
handle modi like hazard has trickery, sadly *not for me personally, i was right about both* lacks end product
rt handle whatever way you look at it , temple in uae and declaration of it during modis official visit is big big news hashtag
handle handle ha ha making fun of poor desi modi.
so which libtard will blame modi first? > handle handle handle or the sickest handle? url
rt handle pm modi on mission dawood in uae.we never heard of such mission in last decade while dawood always existed.now critics kn
hindustan times > live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi url
modi makes whole stadium to gove a stating ovation to the crown prince for giving land for the first ever temple in abudhabi.
handle modi for sure atleast getting monies to india hashtag
hashtag prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took
supplementary part of independence day speech listening to narendra modi
handle i think congress suffering from modi phobia
this is the same hashtag stadium from where once dawood ibrahim used to rule cricket betting net. now modi to seize all his property in uae.
modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment hashtag url
rt handle there are trolls, us the rw trolls and then there is our godfather narendra modi trolls only from overseas for maximum re
rt handle arshad khan, num from hashtag who works in hashtag, was elated to meet the hashtag at the labour camp. url hashtag
pm modi visiting abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims to try and spin nare url
handle handle exactly narendra modi uncle ? god bless you
rt handle dont worry modi ur name should be written in indian history as hashtag with hashtag !
just imagining how sonia will feel when modi goes to italy & speakstweets in italian. omg, unimaginable?
decided to sport skull cap permanently url
url and this what makes him a great person !
rt handle so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation modi
hashtag takes a hashtag of hashtag free hashtag hashtag
handle handle handle it takes a tall leader of modis stature to publicly denounce terrorism,on the soil of an islamic nation
are burnol and morepen sponsoring modis events?
our narendra modi address was from heart in dubai.
num warne has nightmares about sachin hitting him for sixes
hashtag pm modi condemns twin bomb blasts in bangkok outside lord brahma temple prime minister url hashtag hashtag
handle getting followers is easy. abuse namo entity gang of bhakts follow & abuse. u can cry victim get invited to tv debates & pak.
the one man modi only can say openly about hashtag so loudly hashtag take a bow handle hashtag
modi holds talks with dubai ruler url
handle no, bhakt usually sent anti modi to pakistan. so just asked.
rt handle modi wants to make india a modern educated country while turning a blind eye to vyapam scam. hashtag
when he visits u hav a probwhen he doesnt u hav a probr u crazy insanehashtag url
forget about opposition and haters even the biggest celebrities of the world would envy modis fame
cultural show at dubai cricket stadium ahead of narendra modis arrival hashtag url
what a nice feeling to listen crowd chanting modi modi modi modi in hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle good good modi sir another good news to us indin.
because are all jerking off seeing modu chodu on tv!
handle handle hashtag namo rocks! articulate, strategic, insightful, statesmanly.
rt handle wtf are you doing handle modi modi is giving goosebumps man hashtag
handle teri harkatein dekh kar this time even bangkok waley wont welcome you url
modi now trolling un. that too very badly. haha
modi is worried about odisha. looks like he has seen what mohanty tweeted in num
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai wow feeling outstanding overload happyness.
india is the youngest country in world, come hashtag & sell anywhere in world , india has the skill youth says pm modi hashtag
handle handle did you guys notice? url
rt handle i expected this. arun jaitely wud be nemesis of modi.
handle shout your throat hoarse today just go all out with the modi chant emoticon
prime minister narendra modi during a meeting with india community in dubai on monday. url
pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan url hashtag ndtv achedinaanewale
curious to know what was the site modi experienced when he visited labour camp in uae
america has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but congress and nitish still so angry and unable to let go of hate
handle this is called namo effect
hatts off modi sir for this fabulous speech in dubai,uae. proud to be indian
ab bas karo priti ji. national anthem is special to every indians heart. modi cant make it any more special. url
the best performance by an indian so far in dubai cricket stadium. hashtag hashtag
modi sells insurance scheme best way at uae. says do num deposit in bank, just interest num would serve your sister insurance every year
handle hey buddy modi jee is coming tomorrow in our city i dont have pass plz tell someone to provide me hashtag go through my tl
face num of modi saheb in
rt handle when a person shakes hand with modi, that person shakes hands with num.num crore indians & with the fast growing economy of i
rt handle marhaba modi. lion will be roaring soon.
hashtag pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat daily news & analysis url
joint statement between the uae & india url url
and namo didnt even have to wear a skull
it mandatory to oppose good acts of hashtag ji,
handle are you not following modi in uae ? their is speech is going on.
listen world! how the uae king n his family received modi in dubai! jealous can burn in hell! hashtag
rt handle its funny to see people who gave num years of india to the gandhi family are trending narendra modi as hashtag just after
rt handle handle modi has just rubbed some mirchi into pak hashtag hashtag
pm modi meets the crown prince of abu dhabi, his highness sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan
johny modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since url
the hatred of hashtag for modi is actually hatred in disguise for hindus.
modi makes every indian present in the stadium look like an idiot. the arabs must be laughing their oily asses off seeing such stupidity
dubai, where pakistani premiers go hiding, n modi is doing the biggest ever (nonsporting) public gathering (rock show) !
rt handle modi boasting how he got money from poor (jan dhan) & middle class (gave up gas subsidy)
modi meets abu dhabi crown prince
every passing day under namo, the fake pseudosecularism built over num decades by con+ is being dismantled brickbybrick. hashtag
rt handle modi is a rockstar!
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae g url hashtag hashtag
rt handle he (modi) is the greatest event
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin pm modi, with over one million followers, f url
rt handle modi in dubai live stadium nearly full; people still pouring in url
modi made muslims hold tirangas, he must apologies. url
handle handle sickulars wil stil argue that thes r tradional modi supporters from gujrati muslim bora community !
rt handle why not modi asked then prime minister atal bihari vajpyee to visit uae , so that it wud not hv taken num yrs to indian pm !
india big mkt with num crore people modi in uae making an appeal to businessmen to invest in india, prime mi url
hashtag congress criticizes modi over ceasefire violation url
(num) prime minister narendra modi will url
handle sorry for slap emoticon lol url
handle handle modi is visiting nations that he considers important in his agenda of make in india. hashtag
handle by the by how many schools modi ji rahul ji running with their money how many hospitals handle handle
held for nothing since num.
swacch bharat oh oh ewww! hashtag where is the sangathan or the modi army to make india clean?
narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir
modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since url
haters be like @@@$&& modi but wont miss an opportunity to watch him on tv
rt handle marhaba namo
aryaa is following the interest modi for pm on url url
handle at least the tom says modi is the greatest,maybe in any field but can he say similarly for any of his top leader papu or maam
handle i wonder why no one can see the blatant narcissism in modis events. this is worrying, sir.
truth revealed by hashtag, handle founder.
to oppose everything modi ji does is new cool.
thousands of indians in hashtag roar approval through pm modis speech url
rt handle pm modi asks audience to give standing ovation to crown prince as thanking gesture for allowing a plot to temple in abu dhab
proud to be indian hashtag
day by day all the respect ive had for modi is going away like his promise on reforms is. his fault na told me to set my expectations high
handle pm arrived for this ram m worked hard from behind. marhaba (welcome) namo url
rt handle pm modi says no matter how big the issue is, only peaceful talks can find a solution hashtag
handle handle not yet. i like his mr modis oratorical style.
listen to address by prime minister shri narendra modi at isro by all india radio air hashtag on hashtag
rt handle china, usa & now russia oppose indias candidacy for permanent seat in unsc.
rt handle ed is under inc influence in national herald case
handle pm modi in uae a breakthrough visit? url
modi and the muslim worldhow pms uae visit breaks the religious stereotype. my column url
this is how helpless the entire opposition and modi haters must be feeling hashtag url
live tv watch prime minister narendra
rt handle modi is a rockstar a true genius when it comes to public speaking hashtag
.handle handle thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
sambit patra rt mycountrymylife sambitswaraj its juz amazing to c namo speaking. n look at the crowd, thr is no hindu or muslim, indians
orop scheme congress accuses pm modi of cheating exservicemen url
rt handle crown prince of uae has pledged to invest num.num lakh crore rupees in india pm modi hashtag url
rt handle people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival toda
modi ji was too good in dubai impressed to watch his speech with handle handle handle handle handle hashtag
india pm modi to begin twoday visit to uae url url
all criticisms against him are suddenly brushed aside due to the anticipation of another scorching speech! hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle huge crowed gathered at dubai for namo reception url
rt handle i will not believe in this modi show if this ended without brought to you by wizcraft in association with manikchand pan ma
handle what do u abuse modi c u uneducated mr prakash dare to give reason
rock start modi emoticon
rt handle when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti haicongress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or congr
today modi ji has spoken against terrorism more than congress has ever spoken against it in their num yrs rule of sickularism. hashtag
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi hashtag url via aninews
mohammed receives indian pm modi url hashtag
great respect to modi jiin uae feeling inspired
this is from num, but bhaktas will give credit to modi url
rt handle handle handle it shows that they have no focus on thr own workeven aftr being in power thr only job is c
rt handle there is a pattern modi humiliated previous pms in germany, canada, japan, china, now he does the same in uae. hashtag
thought of sharing itimportant part of pm handle visit is nabbing long term target dawood ibrahim.checkout. url
d depth of deprivation
handle u r idiot together wd ignorantdis is js behind whr modi is speakingi doubt u hav heard wat security concerns are handle
handle sir, nitish snub modi when everyone was prostrating to him, its only fair that nitish gets muslim vote. pls dont spoil bihar.
prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of uss madison sqaure as he addres hashtag
anshulagarwalnum url rt babubhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul g
rt handle i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery o
modi himself is a criminal, anyway i dont have sympathy for any terrorist. url
real result of modis num months slump in corporate earnings to continue url
rt handle just imagine when imran khan becomes the prime minister of pakistan one day in sha allah and visits uae like modi m
slow, steady, and sensible modis new approach to reviving indias banks url
narendra modi i am very thankful to the uae govt for their decision to allot land in order to build a temple in ab url
hashtag pm narendra modi holds talk with uae crown prince url
congress, aaptard and adarsh liberals after modis speech. hashtag url
rt handle ofcourse a thick head is heading reuters india
no other politician in the world can match modi for the sheer magnitude of challenge and excitement of being pm of india now hashtag
handle handle all corrupt politicians win sou we cnt cndemn alsoevrybdy shuld chnt modi m odiu r saying tht.
rt handle sir i have been saying same thing to you for long time url
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister narendra modi will add
handle how ridiculous! what is modi trying to say? that till num year ago, india had no respect in the world? hashtag
pm modi in uae india,uae to strengthen cooperation in law enforcement, antimoney laundering hashtag
rt handle modi posting fake selfie!
rt handle another visual proof, how rss organizing modi pr events overseasno money trail required,we all know financer!
paid media will rather try to save namo from this humiliation! url
financial inclusion is key to development. we opened bank accounts for the poor and unveiled insurance schemes pm modi hashtag
handle as in bhutan, modi took them from indiaall are zafar sareshwalas cousins handle
has modi inadvertently lent his shoulder num uae num get even wid pak as pak leans numwards china & us handle url
the hashtag crowd is very lit rn hashtag hashtag hashtag
arkham asylum didnt get installed
and a time to apply burnol nice and even url
rt handle modi is encyclopedia, can speak non stop without paper for days.
hashtag every hashtag should be proud of our hashtag modi who roars in an hashtag nation against hashtag and hashtag welcomed hashtag
one more perfectly planned prime time speech by hashtag hashtag
people knew modi was fooling them, but then num thought lets get fooled one last time.
ya allah,this is outrageous modi is on conversion drive converted shiekh ibn al habibi num al habibi sharma
hashtag mesmerized by the chanting of namo in uae stadium
modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate firstpost url hashtag
rt handle news alert world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says pm modi.
wow! what a fare! url
crown prince of abu dhabi has promised rs. num.num lakh crore investment in india pm modi hashtag
rt handle regardless of invitation nawaz sharif should go to uae immediately to create our presence.must go to all those places where
sham us democracy refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo handle url url
sorry and saddened to say that modi looks like some kind of baba going over the globe trying to convince people hes the ultimate force.
num). crown prince of dubai willing to invest rsnum.num lac crore in india.
rt handle modi elected by publicnumserve india& not dynasty.he is doing what he must do for dridanarayan.congies can keep crying htt
the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the num crore people of india pm modi
rt handle modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb
handle its actually tweet like handle
rt handle yes. modi is a rockstar. yes. his overseas events are grand and spectacular. jealous dear adarsh liberals?
sonia maino to all cong cronies rttake out mistakes of whatever modi and the govt does even if it is good for the nation
rt handle best thing about narendra modi is that he has no villa in dubai so he spoke freely and ruthlessly emoticon
pm modi takes dig at pakistan, says joint statement with uae sends clear message on terror
handle no whole stadium is filled with people exported from gujrat to cheer for modi. hashtag hashtag
rt handle after listening pm modi address to indian diaspora, no words how to express my feelings bharat mata ki jai hashtag
will uae support india for permanent seat in un big challenge for modi ji. handle handle handle handle
people should be asked to decide if they are with terror or with humanity narendra modi
rt handle best day for bjp
rt handle for sure we remember how nepal and myanmar snubbed india big time after the chest thumping stunts by modi govt. continues
omg goose bumps .look at the crowd chanting modi modi .bharat mata ki jai .
rt handle very shrewd of modi to frequently refer to crown prince to appreciate his efforts. hashtag
modi says propoor, quiet on big business in key annual address related articles url
mr modi on all news channels at one go. thats called the media control and impact. once again, he steals the show. take a bow.
rt handle the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo url
live science is life, pm writes at masdar city; addresses investors meet url
rt handle aigo! first they were transporting plane loads of gujjus to cheer at namo rallies. now they taking mallus too! rtp httpsemoticon
he still signs in gujarati rtd url
the sad part about modi haters is that theyll never be able to relish era of indias most extravagant pm. hashtag hashtag
hashtag pm modis statement regarding terrorism is pretty clear, and the ball is now in pakistans court jaya url
rt handle modis references to pakistan must feel thinly veiled only if you arent pakistan. otherwise it must be like getting slapp
were modern about gay rights. but well make fun of this as we can stoop to any level to be antimodi liberals url
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans exservice chiefs write to pm modi on oro url hashtag
make yourself so busy that you have no time for modi speech.
a century is not a century against australia when mcgrath is not there. hashtag url
above all, i am glad modi visited the camp. the irrepressible handle tweetstormed sushma swaraj to do it last year url
difficult to grasp for people with no clue on how rss works! country is bigger than self and family for a pracharak! url
by now modi must have made a world record for eating khichadi in most number of countries.
handle handle and modi is sure proud of his selfies cause u designed the chip haha
rt handle not much concerned about what narendra modi is doing over there but i feel sad what happened there in thailand. be strong ban
rt handle someone should learn politics from modi
to whom this message modi ji you are in one of the best peaceful nation in the world! url
the way modi doing visit of uae, the way he is welcome there its quite remarkable.
modi ji left now n will reach delhi after midnight n will have another rally in saharsa, bihar tomorrow.
hashtag pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vi url
handle pura stadium kushi se jhum raha hai,india me congress ke heartbeat bad gaya hai. sach me modi jee rocked congress shocked
rt handle delhi govt to rehabilitate children begging on streets
and modi has just started demolishing the last weapon left with the msm. hashtag.
another sign of hashtag
modis speech lasted longer than indias batting lineup in the fourth innings of a test match.
i love modi. his aura is so mesmerising hashtag
video pm modi addresses the indian c handle url via url
pm narendra modi speaking at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
hashtag hashtag hashtag city in hashtag hashtag url
modis speech = fireworks hashtag hashtag handle handle
namo promises num xnum power supply to india. that is possible when motherson become powerless india will become powerful.num to zero.
pm modi on way to india. flies to bihar tomrw at num. hope his foreign policy exposition gave relief to those who missed it at la qila.
we want him again and again and again as our pm emoticon url
this is wonderful thinking. india is one of the unfriendliest place for disabled. theres no respect at all. url
rt handle i guess we are told bck in india that modi is being hated by a certain community. the pic says otherwise hashtag http
really happy feeling due to hashtag minister of india narendra modi is give speach very better and helpful of citizen$
url rt timesnow i see a mini india in dubai pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai crick url
opposition but wo jo modi ne numrd minute mein numth word bola,wo sahi nai tha. outrage
handle yes it is gujarat model but not modi effect url
rt radicalnum modi ji live speech z more hilarious thn comedy class
rt handle modi in uae public transport details for dubai sports city event url
rt handle extremely liked the modi speechhe achieved the unachievable.goosebumps stuff. hashtag
long live modi for india.
rt handle pm wid highness sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan,
handle pm modi accused antinationalist ngos, of harbouring antinational agenda! but nomedia highlight. hashtag
rt handle all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to
pm narendra modi leaves for new delhi. hashtag url via aninews
wow, modi is like that aunty i know in the family. keeps bragging above his foreign trips. hashtag
rt handle this will pass off as a joke. if shoe was on other foot, it will be rumour mongering by trolls url
handle namo should explain all government plans at rural of india not at dubaiabudabi.this is very funny
awesome speech by modi in uae hashtag
then modi ji rallies me dusre city se bustrucktrain me logo ko bhar k late hai
rt handle hashtag we will surely welcome modi when he returns tomorrow with arrested dawood in tow.
rt handle prime minister narendra modi says he wants investments from uae to build infrastructure for indias economic growth.
the way modi doing visit of uae, they way he is welcomed there its quite remarkable.
rt handle handle handle handle great. modi in dubai is so grand. thanks for visual record.
namo has done the impossible!a packed house at the dubai cricket stadiumhandle handle handle url
wasnt he tempted to quip, hum panache hamare pachees? hashtag url
chootad das forgot about the anti modibjp girl stuck in europe helped by sushma swaraj just a few months ago. url
rt handle this used to be called secular nationalism. at least before modi discovered it. ht handle url
mr. dhiraj, greets sh narendra modi today at dubai, u.a.e.
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae government for url
the indian community in dubai says marhaba (welcome) namo with a grand welcome hashtag handle handle url
rt handle waiting for our journalists & adarsh liberals to explain how modi disrespected mosque as he didnt wear skull cap inside
pm modi uae supports indias bid for permanent membership at the unsc. handle
go die you fools at handle handle handle handle these guys were says was modi modi modi hashtag url
there is only one truly rockstar head of state in the world hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle handle handle akbar saheb has created series of num portraits of pm reflecting
hashtag sonias slaves and aaptards you can only run these paid hashtags while our pm is ready for this url
few people fail to see light; they carry n spread darkness n try num open the eyes at sun shine fail to see anything ; modi sun is rising
handle handle modi has lied about everything
rt handle pm modi to announce orop for the soldiers of brundui.
thats why modi ji is great and india is very very great
always thought that indian citizens voted in the num election. apparently they were all nris url
hon. p. m. respect hard as well as smart work that is why modi, modi in usa, australia, n uae
rt handle genuine question. no political affiliation implied. no sarcasm.
handle aaptards are very sick person in this planet. requested to modi ji plz give num subsidy on burnol to all aaptards
who hate modi. num cn easily
rt handle bangla desh conflict is resolved by mms,modi is claiming his credit.he always try to denigrate earlier pms of the nation in
rt handle like him or hate him but you cant run away from the fact that pm modi is a phenomenal orator. hashtag
that smile on malayalis when namo mentioned kerala is awesome hashtag
no pakistan name in speech of shri narendra modi sir. awesome sir
handle modi is uniting indians all over the world hashtag
rt handle people chanting hashtag modi modi in mosque r nt just indian,seculars sweating badly today url
rt handle nris demanding abolition of ipc numa during modis speech in uae
modi woos uae; offers $num trillion opportunities
modi hey, i just met you and this is crazy, but heres my number, make in india maybe?
rt handle pm modi on way to india. flies to bihar tomrw at num. hope his foreign policy exposition gave relief to those who missed it
rt handle namo is a powerful speakerwave all intact hashtag
looking more like hashtag is becoming an ideal case of
rt handle handle handle not just toor dal prices of every other pulses is all time high. pm modi ji is busy with s
handle numth will be a modi.
fhironumtheduke getting his ink did hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag @ namo tattoo in bangkok url
rt handle the french are perpetual! url
handle handle not just toor dal prices of every other pulses is all time high. pm modi ji is busy with selfie
rt handle namo live on handle
temple in abu dhabi this is the respect of pm modi
you know what would be awesome if pm modi parachutes himself down into the stadium hashtag hashtag url
num. modi modi modi modi modi
modis num year performance num reasons to be proud satyameva jayate url
rt handle hashtag spirit soars in hashtag when hashtag speaks in praise hashtag hashtag url
*instantly after show claims it is no.num news channel*
handle handle infact during day also thinking whoever would take over from namo should be in under training by now to reach to his level
handle handle ,its a great honour to modi ji and india its all about your commitment and great vision .
so far i only heard about modi as ambani agent now the picture is becoming clearer he is also an insurance agent
pm modi says potential for growth in india, coupled with uaes energy can indeed propel the entire region to become a super power.
first group let inmodi modi chanting started
congress is angry because nda foreign policy victory all over the world. we are proud to be indian.
pm modi in uae uae supports indias bid for permanent unsc seat foreign secretary s jaishankar on monday iss url
one indian cricket match brings more indian to ground than modi. dont fool the world something unique is happening.hashtag hashtag
and namo didnt even wear a skull cap hashtag
india wants uae as top partner in trade, counterterrorism narendra modi the economic times on mobile url
uae suported modijis yoga day proposal,celebrated yoga day.
rt handle marhaba namo long queue of ppl, modi modi chants, posters, drums, jubilation who else can beat pm modi in popularity
rt handle modi is now proving with increasing intensity and frequency that he does not deserve to be pm of india. handle handle
fantastic, outstanding speech by our honourable pm narendra modi in uae. hashtag
hashtag live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says pm modi url
berating and insulting past indian govts on foreign soil is plain offensive. and on this one, pm hashtag is a serial offender. hashtag
tough competitor for kapil sharma. hashtag url
looking for the best review of modis speech in dubai.
rt handle thankful to rss for giving us modi ! hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odi and now num modi
dr gargash uae provided space to india to spit venom against pakistan from dubai stadium.unprecedented in diplomacy url
governments in uae, congress hits
pm modi today in dubai i am seeing a miniindia
handle modi govt is taking the initiative to repeal outdated laws. we must jettison useless laws which have relevance to our time.
prince myself mohammed bin zayed al nahyan ,aka crown prince .
trade, terror to top pm modis agenda in uae today
handle why modi is in dubai. read it here @ url
rt handle back to the futurei took a staffdel to charleston in num dod surveying potential u.s. guantnamo north lockups http
rt ndtv pm modis special package for bihar on august num dharmendra pradhan url
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai
rt handle sheikhzaidgrand mosque is the last resting place of uae first president
hashtag hashtag spls for hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
hashtag another selfie w world leaders, do hell w haters from tv starlets to news hosts.
dubai crowd for modi more than twice as big as madison square garden url
rt handle omg dear sis handle i just cant believe itmodi ji were also singing national anthem with u. u sing good, and
rt handle num minute silence for all rws who thought they are bigger trolls than modi.
handle handle please see any news channel every news is modi modi modi modi hashtag url
rt handle more than anything the hashtag event seems like a self promotion of hashtag
they took oath dt, will oppose erythg did by modi ji. httpsemoticon
hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai tonight ndtv url
kuchh mila come up with a hashtag soon to criticise modi ji else opposition will be wiped out
revealed pm modis mission dawood in uae
one of the biggest event in uae is going onhashtag in uae
handle this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
if nationalism is a religion,
visit to a gulf arab nation at uae grand mosque, modi hails peace, harmony inherent in islam the indian express url
handle what a speech given by great modi. awesome. do you have sleeping pills ?
handle handle handle modi only said, if recovered, then each account will easily have num lacs,not that he will deposit
from where is all modi fandom coming from?
rt handle what not modi? url
pm narendra modi interacts with indian workers, at icad residential city;
earlier hashtag was a platform of confrontation, now its of development; for mutual benefit, hashtag will give hashtag a satellite pm hashtag
hashtag uae raises gold import duty issue with india during pm modis visit august num, num at numrtnumam url hashtag
rt handle crowd cheering modi modi !
handle handle handle handle madison moment for pm narendra modi in dubai people chant hashtag.
handle bhai did you hear the word rasoda in modi ji speech on i day speech ? often he uses such gujju words handle
rt handle modi and dawood are anywhere but india.
modi declares the promise of hashtag from the emirates of num,num crore in india
hashtag stadiumeuphoria all around. is hashtag on the streets asking some cheeky questions and getting slapped hashtag hashtag
rt handle crucial for bjp to keep modis image intact. best strategy keep brand modi away from controversies. leave firefighting num
namo slayed opposition again lage rhooo hashtag
hashtag pm handle takes veiled swipe at hashtag over hashtag url url
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. hashtag hashtag
hashtag is simply stunning the eloquence is captivating and hashtag knows where to strike the chord with the crowd hashtag
rt handle for handle , uae has become muslim world just because pm modi is there for a trip.
ki and ka hashtag modi hashtag
boss handle, not a fan of modi but the stadium is indeed packed. the empty chairs are behind the dias and not allocated. handle
handle congrats modi ji for targeting in num yrs what congress could not do in num yrs papu kuch sekho
dear handle , that was sly on your country pakistan url
hey num crore publicity hungry handle handle & handle paid workers
ever expected for an indian pm to stand in uae and talk about terrorism with such force?only namo could and namo did. hashtag
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister narendra modi on a two url
rt handle handle rip we do condemn horrific unprovoked shelling on civilians modi govt failed to stop consecutive attacks or g
unbelivable enthusiasmluv to c d crowd cheering bharat mata ki jai burnool for secular nd modi haters hashtag
handle har cheez ki khabar rakhteho aap modi wave is only media created wave
rt handle back to back setbacks for liberals, so called intellectuals, libtards as wherever modi goes, ppl chant
rt handle hashtag kyon na kahe if modi governance is indeed so revolutionary & progressive after numyears of modi rule why is
some people want modi to succeed, i am sure he will lead india to success. handle
now modi gonna taunt handle
rt handle pm modi india, uae strongly denounce terrorism in all forms
u brought india close to indians.
so much brouhaha over modis speeches. the media hasnt learnt any lessons. and its crawling when gag orders are being sent. shameful!
num. sushil kumar modi
pm modi condemns bomb blast in bangkok new delhi, aug num prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the url
modi chants coming from stadium in hashtag
after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people the econom url
awwwwww that cute hij haayness by modi
handle handle handle handle it was anti incumbency and acchedin leher.but now situation has changed.namo is deflattednum
rt handle hashtag modi pm vajpayee had urged expats to contribute
live pm modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against terrorism prime minister na url
handle others hardly talk, so they didnt had any points to share hashtag url
you make india proud modi tells the expats
whichever country modi visits, diaspora becomes dais podra gumbal. such crowd much wow
rt url coolfunnytshirt rt onebytwo chants heard in dubai stadium
after an year expectations are lowered emoticon
india is one lucky nation which has num per cent population under num years of age pm modihandle
handle handle but the place where you hv been for dinner there also ppl watching namo right?
evn congres has so much of expectation on handle.dey wnt him num do sm thing in a yr which they cud nt in numyrs url
handle see with open eyes & the change that modi is bringing is incomparable. reaching out to all frontiers handle
it doesnt matter who you are , you could hit so many right and attractive words than modi. hashtag
.you are a true nationalist ,cares for every single indian on the globe hashtag hashtag handle
handle u want bjp to losebecause u hate modi. handle
plz realize dt hashtag status anti hashtag, pro india.their main structure run by hindus &british,hashtag rep in hashtag url
hashtag this is the modi magic. aaptards enough of burnol now u guys apply zhandu balm thanxhandle url
handle handle is it necessary for this genius man to remind modi what should be his concern and to whom he matters.
rt handle prime minister narendra modi je is for all num crores citizens of hindustan. modi je emerging as world powerfull peace
modi could have won any reality show had he participated hes more of a performer than pm. hashtag
no electricity for modi speech, same happened during his swearingin ceremony. {} hashtag
hashtag seeing this crowd i think modi may create madison square moment even in lahore alsomodi modi modi handle handle
handle handle youre now regretting not spending some num odd dinars, and going to watch modi?
rt handle i am thinking how will i react when nepalibangladeshi pm will come and do am event like modi do in other countries. hashtag
rt handle shouldve known that the man wouldnt disappoint. url
dubai gave a terrifying reception
i supported sir narendr modi ji
land allocated for numst hindu temple in abu dhabi following pm modis numday trip to uae to boost trade&security ties.
rt handle why i support handle and why we should url hashtag
all opponents knocked out and stadium is buzzing with name of ultimate champion macho wrestlermodi modi modi
islam coming of age by showing a tolerant side of islam?
modi pledges for a temple in uae for indian hindus there bt who else shall pledge him to reconstruct da mosques destroyed during gujratriot!
now he can do anything. url
when maldives faced drinking water crisis, we helped them pm modi
rt ndtv we work,not with an arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development pm modi in dubai
hashtag stadium packed.what a great leader.india rising. hashtag hashtag
welcome to uaeprime minister of india.mr.norendro modi.
rt handle all foreign dignitaries go to the same mosque as pm modi has, its a way to pay homage in uae handle url
rt handle huge contingent of muslims supporting namo is burnol moment for siculars hashtag
rt handle uae assures modi on tightening the screws on dawood. if happens itll be a big fp win over pak and against terror http
how many times did modi speak in this monsoon session. silent mode in india. nris pm handle handle
handle handle great speech!you are the ideal leader,who can preach in any topic ,any moment and any place.namo india.
theres been num percent growth in fdi in india pm hashtag url url
its difficult to avoid the impression that modi government has lost its mojo manoj joshi url
seat mil gayi, par class nahi ayi. url
uae allots land for first temple in abu dhabion the occasion of pm narendra modis visi url url
hashtag exports ^on extra shipments of burnol to hashtag after handle jis speech hashtag handle url
dubai is not only mini india but a mini world; people from all over the world love to be here hashtag
rt handle modis first words in stadium should be enda vishesham?
good taliban, bad taliban this wont work.decide are you with terrorism or with humanity?, says pm modi in dubai
his technique is water tight manjrekar url
rt handle it is sad that modi needs to chant his achievements. was supposed to be the job of the media.
handle better you become spokes person in any anti modi party where you can express your feelings openly; you ll feel relieved.
handle a real fail attempt as joke is lame. modi led bjp to a majority win in lok sabha. so live with it. hashtag
july news from thameemmeem url hashtag
modi in dubai international cricket stadium. who won the toss? hashtag
hashtag this is not hashtag this is hashtag,hashtag d hashtag of hashtag a true global leader url
read hashtag speeches of iday num and iday num
modi visits num countries in num months (lead) modi visits num countries in num months (lead)
handle handle ediot aaptard thanvi trying his level best to criticize modi,s uae visit, bt as the poor nature of aapiyan they r fools
rt handle retweeted narendra modi (handle)
seems modi dont have majority in handle
handle handle me as a reader have some right to decide aur modi ji ke raj main mujhe vo bhi nahi milega kaya rtp
handle thank you news nation, today i watched full modi jee speech on your channel. you guys have covered well than anyother emoticon (y)
bangkok hashtag modi hashtag
rt handle hashtag exports ^on extra shipments of burnol to hashtag after handle jis speech hashtag handle https
rt handle when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti haicongress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or co
pakistan still trying to figure out how hard prime minister narendra modi slapped them in emirates! hashtag
hashtag to prop up hashtag with num.num lakh crore rupees
hi r. balakrishnan balakrishnanr, do u want to get free iphnumne num today? please check my binum. thx url
hashtag magnificent, gamechanging speech modis astute masterly grasp of international relations is evident; he ws handle best,
rt handle hashtag mr. bean hashtag. hes overdoing the selfies. even handle is too embarrassed to post them. url
numk ppl at pm modis mega reception,palpable excitement,crowd cheering &chanting hashtagpoor congis & libtards>life is getting tougher!
befor d congrs spks of d govtmodi being foolishthey shld undstd dat these many indians are not for supporting mr modi hashtag
great man great visit . namo best pm url
pm shri narendra modi recently visited hashtag city, abu dhabi.
handle worst failure of pakistan foreign policy of nawaz regime
it is for country india and not due to only modi url
badminton news pm congratulates saina nehwal prime minister narendra modi on monday congratulated ace india url
rt handle pm modi global community should firmly reject states supporting terrorism
hashtag is saffronising even the arab sheikhs. look at the colour of the drinks. url
rt handle handle handle handle amareshmisrafc handle handle handle handle modi & gang not ashame
i am witnessing a miniindia here, says pm modi in dubai url
marhaba namo hashtag awesome crowd. handle handle
modi us $num trillion is a big amount but added that such investments can come to india ! hashtag first lets close num lacs account.
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
rt handle really impressed that modi keeps saying crown prince & not shezada. smart man.
modi is loosing the plot every day
rt offstumped dubai is all set for namo url url hashtag
handle handle forgot modi pic wid aseemananda
hashtag hashtag hashtag of india url
rt handle num indians dead num injured in firing from across the border near jammu. independence day gift from nawaz sharif to modi
this called going way overboard url
handle didnt you watch modis speech?
spotted a fan in namo t shirt url
no one dissing modi speech live on twitter. is he really that good or am i following all the right people?
handle handle namo has touched each and every border whether it is nepal, bangladesh, maldives. relation with srilankaafghanistan
hashtag weve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm modi in dubai url
rt handle finding nemo sold num million copies. latest blockbuster finding namo has raked num.num lakh crore in dubai alone. hashtag
like god modi is everywhere. hashtag
now waiting for modi ji to be special guest referee at next wrestlemania
url modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url hashtag hashtag hashtag
indian pm narendra modi, who is on a twoday visit to the uae, wants to bolster trade, investment and business collaboration with the regio
as a hashtag i thought hashtag is back in hashtag to meet n hashtag
modi main *crowd screams*
rt handle few borned hashtag claiming a exclusive veg food at modis uae dinner. and the truth is =>
indian prime minister in dubai by janice leon and suchitra chaudhary, gulf news indi url hashtag hashtag
modi pitches indias frugal house prowess at rocket launch url
rt handle youth congress shave head, cut nails to protest against sushma swaraj. hair & nails will be sent to pm modis office! h
people are criticizing modi for travelling so much but congress hardly kept any good relations with neighbouring nations. num
dubai is now a miniworld, not only onlyindia narendra modi
rt handle by far far the stupidest and most utterly vile headline i have read in a long time. astonished handle. https
wtfex url rt amatyakautilya wtfex modi govt lacks a coherent communication strategy, which enables sources and com
rt handle barkha dutt reaction after watching hashtag speech &kerala fan following for modi handle handle handle ht
modis visit to the icad city that houses thousands of workers should have been far more significant than url
handle handle matlab mandir modi k prayas se ho rha hai joke of the day
live from dubai watching narendra modi speech
best thing happened on cricket stadium is modis speech. hashtag
i am sure modis uae visit will surly boost the economy, cultural and social ties between india and uae.
congress strategy dent modis image at any cost
modi speaking to an audience of num in dubai. yet another strong speech by the pm.
rt handle handle handle whats worse is modis supporters go into contortions blaming jaitley,ed dir, peon everybody
no they r not num a cricket match,neither they r num ny concert
ed scuttling nh case evident url
greater chancenumindianumabolish microtax(personal) sucking bloods from deadbodies,replacing it with prospectivetax! url
rt handle handle hi sultan. i am reji in muscat with times of oman. would you like to share your picture of crwd at namo vi
now thats called a world class leaderproud of our pm namo u rocked sir url
handle vegetarian hashtag ji competing u worldtour.handle handle handle handle hashtag url
rt handle num bold steps taken by modi govt url url
rt handle speechless after listening hashtag speech in hashtag what a hashtag he is ! hashtag
you are enhancing indias pride pm modi tells indians in dubai. url
modi speech touched the heart indian living in dubai
goosbumps pic hashtag
rt handle pm modi got $num billion dollar investment numm dubai,
indian prime minister lalit modi timesnow hashtag
when bae thinks she cracked a joke but forgots to add laughter track to it url
second pic in the pic will give heartburn to hashtag plz apply burnol
handle god only knows. or modi.
rt handle pretty shocking given the number of indians who work there and remittances they send back.neglected diaspora. url
remember journalists expressing worries about indias relation with the islamic countries if namo becomes pm hashtag
rt handle entire dubai cheered when num lok sabha elections results were declared modi hashtag
handle handle modi didnt kill muslims. no one needs to kill people. but people kill themselves for their hatred on each other
modi addressing num indians in dubai. never seen an indian pm taking nris so seriously which they actually deserve. hats off hashtag
rt handle both modi & muslims deserve better than viewing his mosque visit as a conciliatory gesture. handle nails it. url
handle bapu & num former pms gave up their lives for the country. can you beat that, modi?
you can sefli welcome com to india p.m sir narend modi url
modi, a devout hindu, being received in a prominent uae mosque by the countrys top leaders speaks volumes.
handle u know how india could rescue so many ppl frm arab countriesits coz of modi.wait fr few yrs u will cme to know
modi z on trending world wide rtp rtp url
modi rchd outnumblue collar workers in gulf.their socalled saviors like muslim league, cpm, congies etc all r afraid emoticon hashtag
modi modi in dubai. power of common man leader. symbol of powerful india. hashtag
rt handle namo in abu dhabi temple land, in dubai crowd of num awaits. israel saudi accord.paks fear of being isolated even in isla
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle nation= not u beta, modi cheat num cr ppl of bharat by
rt handle pm modi strong foundation laid for diplomatic ties to help future generations
his critics were rightmodi has no influence outside gujarat hashtag url hashtag
pm modi, thank you from my heart for your thoughtful message.
rt handle this independence day, we seek freedom from bhakti url
handle handle this is expected pakistanis never had a prime minister like modi
modi ji when are you going to hashtag and hashtag ? no indian pm has gone there also for long time. hashtag
why i support handle and why we should url hashtag
hashtag modi is lifting nepal with india feeling great to hear nepal from his mouth outta india handle
handle my god. modi campainging against bjp and rss.
rt handle cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm hashtag address to indian diaspora in hashtag url
modi is the best pm ever. period.
rt handle fastest developing country in the world is india narendra modi hashtag
indian leader narendra modi visits sheikh zayed grand mosque, worker labour camp in abu dhabi url
handle handle live pic of hashtag hashtag in hashtag url
where r our prestitutes? not a word from the anti modi group viz. burquamoron arnab rowdy rajdeeepblack sheep rahul. bhaion modiji in uae
rt handle pm narendra modi is delhibound after a path breaking visit to the uae hashtag hashtag url
namo supporters across the section handle handle url
india, u.a.e. plan $num billion fund as modi seeks investments url hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle handle handle hashtag please rt & watch narendra modi at dubai stadium [live now] url
rt handle modi visits china = pk atbb.
rt handle yes, especially the blue umbrella url
prime minister narendra modi didnt mention pakistan, but he didnt need to. the intended recipients will get url
im sure those mocking modi eating gujarati food eat snakes and lizards when they visit china
modi insists on eating veg food in an islamic country. exactly the kind of hindutva fascism ranaji was afraid of! url
oops i missed to get down at my stop by looking at tweets about namo hashtag hashtag
modi talking abt temple even in dubai so communal emoticon hashtag
as it is,modi belongs to rss fold which shied away frm freedom struggle.so wheres d questn of fervr numnationl anthem url
rt handle its nt delli, up & bihar.its dubai stadium .num+ indians are present in marhaba namo show emoticon hashtag url
long queue though stadium is already num full @ numpm hashtag url
rt handle for me if u r against modi,u r against nation hashtag
rt handle one tight slap to handle by retired soldier on hashtag
pm modi is becoming the global brand ambassador of gujju food. the royal gujarati feast served by his uae hosts. url
do you see those muslims in dubai chanting modi modi how much more secularism you need
aaj hashtag stadium me only modinum watching narendra modi
pm narendra modi has upgraded pakus policy to real foreign policy.
handle handle modi sir please export some burnol to these losers.
rt handle cant disclose if kgb records on netaji searched govt
handle absolutely we can expect modi embracing islam but not sharifs or zardari etc saying no to us, uk, saudia. handle
handle handle lies of pm namo. this looks like gurgaon
handle the membership is long overdue to us.thanks to the efforts of mr.modi we are sure to achieve it.
means rs num,num,num,num,num,num
handle none of the parties even considered hashtag, modi govt had promised some action. shouldnt you support him
people, in spite of popular rejection we bring to you for the nth time baap of nautanki
mr suresh prabhu please improve railways and secure investment for railways.
rt handle marhaba modi chant in dubai . num indians to hear pm speech at stadium !
today num$ = num.num rs , where is sri sri ravi shankar? who said num$ will be numrs when modi comes to power hashtag
rt handle one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu url hashtag hashtag url
hashtag watch modi magic now in dubai he represents the numst centurys india
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment url via handle
handle handle handle handle ha not only me baba & modi will bth b numgethr alng winum me & well clck a,selfie
its difficult to avoid the impression that modi government has lost its mojo manoj joshi url url
and handle will write hope modi does the same in india and visit mosque url
what stopped handle govt in implementing it. why did indira scrap hashtag will handle answer url
rt handle narendra modi arrives at the stadium.
rt handle modis uae visit pm to address indian diaspora today
rt handle ed decides to close national herald case citing technical reasons.
hashtag asks, are you with terrorism or with humanity? the same question has to be raised against hashtag, are you with humanity?
handle handle and crowd for modi is more than ods
dont pimp for hashtag he hurled threats on pakistan from hashtag sponsored venue url
handle. narendra modi .narendra modi jigri dost thank you narendramodi good night all friends good morning all friends
handle modi govt is committed to orop.the govt has to face the after effects.brindas have no responsibility and can talk as they want
out of the whole speech of modi, bitch hashtag found only this to highlight. hashtag url
rt handle handle god really messed it up guys need some patience. modi will be there for you and everyone get a glimpse.
feeling overwhelmed i m watching modi live from dubai
hashtag modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to url hashtag hashtag
rt handle extremely grateful to crown prince of abu dhabi, emirates and uae rulers, should every indian thank him? pm modi http
its politics. hashtag will definitely score political points if hashtag is scoring one siddharth varadarajan to handle
this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm modi in dubai
modi speech in hashtag powered by hashtag tyre
now that handle has reached his wits ends to malign modi with fabricated crap, he retweets bs extraordinarie. url
johny lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit url
achcha am bored now. its too long. end it now, modi ji.
rt handle what cong did to india in num years, pm modi returned that in num days hashtag
i think it is a very huge figure indeed
handle they should have used modi placards to troll kejriwal
pm modi to address num indians in dubai ndtv url url hashtag
rt handle we are victims of terrorism for num years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi url
modi has been using savasau caror for sometime now. i believe the number wouldve increased by now. hashtag
sad that everyone in my family are modi bhakts , anyways chidaane ke time mazaa ata hai
how can anybody else even think of having a deal with adani other then modi ?
handle handle handle handle handle num crores in vasundhara rajes account why no resign a gift from lalit modi
rt handle handle even worse here url this ah has totally taken our countries honour to dogs
handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num m odi. (modi)
last time cong had said tht where ever modi will go they wl send a corrupt person or a presstitute to rebut modis statements. where is he?
since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi dimag lagao yojnaonly for congressis. hashtag
rt handle uae indians pull out all the stops for hashtag url hashtag url
rt handle you can hear namo forever and beyond and never get tired. not even for a second.
good to hear the speech given by narendra modi!
bbc news narendra modi allowed gujarat num antimuslim riots url
actually handle wanted num say, why are we running out of burnol everytime modi goes abroad.
rt handle the stage has been set for hashtag. over num,num people expected. hashtag hashtag url
modi dard hai na. toh url
indian pm modi thanks uae govt. and prince for their hospitality and love.
thank god, at least pakistan is recognizing narendra modis good url
its you who have to decide whether you are with terrorism or with the mankind modi hashtag
credit we the people of india url
this is serious! for any gov d progress rate always meets the truth when the gov steps downques has false tendency url
handle though im a modi supporter i love shashi tharoor
i agree,the world considers india a
except indian parliament of course. url
handle sir will u follow modi or sir can u favourite my dis post
handle thats no entirely true emoticon billions of dollors of investment and more than numk jobs under modi rule in num year emoticon
rt handle i never seen before any indian pm got this much love and blessings around the globe. crowd shouts modimodi always. hashtag
rt handle burnol moment for all modi haters hashtag
you dont have the smartness to poke modi. yes modi is the best url
rt handle weve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm hashtag url url
handle pm said today that it took numyrs for an indian pm to visit uae ,the pm who visited uae is forgotten by mr. modi! ununderstandable
two thing define hashtag
real issuesbut moron bhakts will get orgasm over jumlas hashtag url
handle unexpected bangkok thing has direct link as modi in dubai
both congress & pak r bad num development of india! one is enemy within & the other across the border. url
handle in capcity of numk, numk ppl come to address modi dats the power of a leader hashtag.
pr ka muqabla nahi hain yeh baat manna padega even if you dont like modi some things are to be learned. learn it.
rt handle this is how narendra modi dragged pakistan in todays hashtag speech
rt handle let the picture speak hashtag hashtag hashtag url
history in dubai! namo speech will be remembered for centuries ahead marhaba,marhaba
a simply mesmerizing speech there no words url
num.sickulars who could have never imagined it.
handle people pay to listen to modi handle. awaiting for his speech in bay area, usa.
hashtag pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple hashtag
rt handle surprisingly dubai roads are empty at this hourlooks like everyone has gone to meet mr. modi hashtag
hashtag we opened bank accounts for poor pm hashtag url url
rt handle this lovely unfurling must have been terribly painful for handle for num reasons num) tiranga num) pm modi
rt handle pm narendra modi expected to address over num,num indians at the dubai stadium at around numrtnum tonight hashtag url
waiting for next polls to promise again
how many you wear skull cap.
after gujarat massacre in modi was involved in nums of muslims killing , mnum b same thing he provoke in dubai hashtag
rt handle indian prime minister narendra modi visits labour camp in abu dhabi hashtag
hashtag pm hashtag gifts hashtag pm narendra hashtag hashtag copy of the book he authored flashes of thought, an () url
rt handle whatever modi might claim, india will become really advance when people wont act like crazy when they are shown on big screen.
unlike some alien squatters feeding of india as maggots url
handle hahahaa dear kumar plz worry for bihar rest leave it on modi
ndtv to fight against terrorism, you have given us clear indications pm modi in dubai url url
rt handle another one who has covered more countries than modi
rt handle dubai stadium half packed hours before modis speech
this was way back in num.
handle handle i do know a excellent motor mouth ahole when modi speaks. dubai has no entertainment hence full stadium.
handle handle if one wears shades they could not see the reality,only darkness normally congi men wear it num esp num modi
hashtag photos when dubai waited for modi magic url
terrorist modi is bashing pakistan in his speech at dubai. where r our foreign policy makers.
hashtag out o complex zigsawpuzzle o contradictions,modi pieced together common strands ~indiauae relations, built a solid platform
for num years, no one spoke about the lack of toilets in indian schools. modi did, and they called it a gimmick url
rt handle modi needed two hours+ for redfort speech. he decided to split into two parts and one he is giving from dubai. hashtag
latest lali modi helping sahara, says usbased property broker to sc url
dictator modi making kids hold placards . hashtag url
rt handle nepal, bhutan, india and bangladesh have set up a connectivity plan, and will soon extend to myanmar, indonesia modi
modi should change his @ to handle
modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not pakistan.
i had the opportunity to go to jaffna to address peoples problems there pm modi url url
modi sir handle we r proud of you . really a true and honest global leader handle handle
hashtag pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
rt handle namo all the way and on all the channels. prime time slot highjacked by namo. key strategic slot
so after more than a year presstitutes have understood that modi should be addressed as pm modi.
with all his visits i can get that narendra modi had childhood ambition of becoming a traveller hashtag
nris in stadium are angry with modi. acc to our sources before leaving for dubai modi promised them to bring rajdeep with him
url hello handle can you look into this handle slandering mr br shetty.
pics of stage and seating arrangements.
rt handle those who use bombs and guns will never benefit you or others or humanity narendra modi
rt handle democracy pimp kejriwal too went to dubai and awarded himself.modi went to strengthen nation hashtag hashtag http
now modi is talking about hashtag hashtag emoticon
rt handle modi went to sri lanka, was able to go to jaffna and help them. handle
rt handle so the dubai international stadium has till date hosted num odi & now hosted the first modi! hashtag hashtag
umm yeah. this is a modi event. idea of india khatre main. hashtag url
handle pak is feel lots of pain now due to modi. now
rt handle missing my indian colleagues in dubai who were staunch anti modi. would love to challenge them today
handle you also predicted that modi will lose elections in num. amazing level of hatred for pm. you are really a piece of work.
hashtag pm modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential prime minister narendra modi on monday made a strong pitch fo
rt handle the speech narendra modi should have made this hashtag by handle url url
hashtag hashtag hashtag ki and ka
rt handle prince of uae hashtag url
this crowd is going to work as a tonic for modi for sure hashtag hashtag
will nawazsherif speak infront of num pakis they killed der own pm candidate benazirbh
expected on num th august in redfort delivered in dubai stadium today.modi speech in dubai.
my take away from todays speech. url
not even an american president wud hav d guts num talk about terrorism in such plain language in d middleeast as modi is doin now hashtag
thanks pm modi to bring a land for temple in abu dhabi
num degree celsius temperature and num, num people are waiting for hashtag hashtag
modi holds talks with uae crown prince, discusses security, trade url hashtag
bnumdnumanumcnum url modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in
sir, handle r u seriously believe in remote & puppets; then wht abt hashtag. url
rt handle i thank people of mp for reposing their trust in bjp pm modi
handle handle and what r u comparing to congress or app first see what have the done n modi g doesnt showoff his deeds
why havent i yet read any tweet on meh! no dubai paper carries any coverage on namo? hashtag
handle can modi afford to neglect orop .i appeal to countrymen for support
so humble of you sir! bjp has benefitted so much from num & num. rt handle the path of terror will never benefit anyone pm modi
rt handle building toilets is not enough.modi needs to take them by the finger.probably even flush later. url
yeslets introduce pushpak viman and its technology url
india will launch sarc rtpm modi announces in uae
modis passport must be thicker than shantaram
get the best out of the oil minesmr modi hashtag
rt handle shift in global opinion num yrs ago even uae diplomats refused to meet modi.now the rulers invite him&receive him at the ai
why does modi have to go to other coutries to see bollywood dances? why not see it in bollywood itself? hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm modi says asking the world to come & make in india hashtag
when i sold tea, i didnt even get one rupee per day narendra modi
hashtag handle uae, second home for indians, says marhaba namo
rt handle handle handle is this the same adani, who use to be modi friend ? handle url
handle first time indians may be feeling there is different ways to deal with foreign policy,modi shown the way ahead handle
modi batted against terrorism but against whom ? which terrorism ? url
rt handle handle >handle < this ass hole has got the support of namo, otherwise could have been kicked much before.
handle i m completely sure modi govt will bring orop just that he should have given a time frame for the same
at least numy silencehandle num yrs silence num experts who predicted relationship with me would collapse if modi ever became the pm
watching modi on tv live from dubai.
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment url
this grandmom young enthusiast is electrifying.let all indians unite under namo&work for our destiny of peace&vikas url
handle .handle writes to hashtag, blames ed chief for scuttling probe in national herald case url
modi repeats his iday promise of giving electricity to all in num years. handle
pretty packed inside the dubai cricket stadium as pm modi arrives to give his speech. hashtag url
awesome! next modi chants wud b in vatican http
few borned hashtag claiming a exclusive veg food at modis uae dinner. and the truth is =>
handle handle the only time i saw the opposition rabble in our parliament behave like adults was when modi was giving his speech!
hashtag pm modis speech so far rsnum.num lakh crore investment, land for first temple in uae, joint statement on terror.
rt handle handle while islamic and world media is praising hashtag hashtag but our indian media has been divides in secular m
rt handle modi trolls pak for blocking saarc ties,said we will go ahead without you on motor vehicles agreement(bbin) since you
link to live coverage of namo show in dubai url
bnum rtnamo is popular on twitter but will it translate into votes?rtnamo is popular wherever he goes but we still hate him hashtag
rt handle indian pm handle historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which translates into welcome namo http
modi message to pakistan? india, uae condemn statesponsored terrorism during modi firstpost firstpostm url
well the truth is, nris needed a modi to feel proud of being an indian. hashtag hashtag
url rt garynumin are their any provisions in our constitution to pay extra to a multi skil url
one thing clear modi magic hasnt faded away hashtag
handle medias instd of criticing modis achivements can atleast shut theirmouth n keep watching
best innings by gujarati in dubai international. stadium. well played modi. hashtag
host of steps have been taken by the government to tackle black money pm modi
aug num modi attacks manmohan for pak loc firing on num crore indians
handle oh yes, they are. but modi seems comfortable too. rtp
rt handle pm modi to address a num,num strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in num minutes. live updates url url
pm modi interacts with indian workers at the icad residential city url
sheik telling modi, next time use indias national airline emirates
greece watch hundreds of violent muslims attack each other tomorrow you will be the target
handle but why do you hate modi
ohho dont get so serious abt those lame jokes i hv faith in modi believe me url
the prime minister, shri narendra modi digitally signs his message in the url
responding to atal jis call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm modi live update url
the largest (nonsport related?) gathering in the uae ever by pm modi
handle handle he is doing everything num his survival in hypocrite journalism,also post modi crap like him feeling directionless
numth year of independence is the time when hashtag took a u turn and modi when went berserk in hashtag
i am agreeing over handle tweet about modis quick reaction over hashtag and paying least attention to the ceasefire victims
extremely good tht modi ji is talking about terrorism! much much needed on the soil of middle east!
rt handle you dont need parliament to expel exam scams, mr hashtag handle url hashtag hashtag
india feels proud because of you pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium url url
rt handle over num flights from india come to uae every week pm modi
handle congress deserves these jibes from modi ji because your party ruined india for num decades. now you expect sympathy from bjp
kahne kaa matlab ye ki modi ji is expert in announcements only but nothing is happening in reality so for how long he will be able numdo this.
handle burnol moment for bhakts.
pic num narendra modi ji
hashtag wants cash from uk too
how much he tries , modi cannot match handle s monkey moment in parliament hashtag url
pm invokes pride in india. not because of modi, he says, but bcoz of num cr ppl. handle
handle didi bollywood is make believe world and namo is the real super rockstar
software guys camechanged treatment in immigration counters
viewers on stands please be tighten your seat belts namo will begin his speech in less than num mins
modi to replace tom cruise in minum.cities left to be portrayed in rogue nation will be covered up in next sequel hashtag hashtag
with a millionplus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list url best search engines url
modi read out facilities at end. speech was extempore.
madame ji india mein bharpoor support hai nris also welcome. url
a big salute to modi ji
handle handle handle modi effect numlakh fall in merit cum means minority scholarships
all people owve to modi,because of modi reputation&respect.
the show man is back,this time venue is arab country uae(muslims majority)modi.modi.modi everywhere feeling proud of u pm saab hashtag
india elected modi believing he s an allrounder.modi turns out to be a funny commentator.india needs a player nt a commentator hashtag
handle handle modi is still in election mode that too outside india.
a im happy my india is big man maanniy a nareandra modi ji i am proud of you sir ji ,the god is come to the world.and ones open time in.
modi took bhakts from gujarat and made them pose like arabs in dishdashas url
modi speaks about the unity of our nation .but his administration and colleagues are trying to divide indian unity
modi wants to make india a modern educated country while turning a blind eye to vyapam scam. hashtag
now hashtag will hit sixers and fours from dubai cricket stadium thousands of fielders waiting
narendra modi highlights historic indobangladesh land swap deal
icwf(indian community welfare fund) find has been formed for all embassies to be used for welfare of our workers hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi uae visit planned months ago. fine job by ajit doval for coordinating raw & mossad to corner dawood ibrahim url
hashtag modi you make india proud
in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect puppet.
national anthem at dubai watching narendra modi live speech dubai
stadium packed with hashtag hashtag
handle but there is no modi wave!
why should a pm visit every country of world.moment we united with israel arabs were against us,inc managed it well url
till now he was teaching vedic science hashtag url
handle hatzz offfff modi ji
all india bakchods net neutrality video forces modi government to extend date url
hashtag hashtag assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord gogoi has asked pm modi to clarif url
hmm. seems modi is going down a storm here in the uae.
handle why are u emphasising on the negatives;wouldnt it be better if u highlight the positives! hashtag hashtag hashtag nn
and the modi concert tour rolls on hashtag
modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment url
see modi in dubai cricket stadium live on dd news numrtnum pm hashtag
the experts which come on the handle
rt handle bjp sources say pm modi likely to announce a special package for bihar tomorrow
pm modi concludes his speech hashtag
when modi speaks in servant class language of hindi,this european sonia cant stand it.but,dont imagine she knows english either.
our media misses, besides trillions $ investment, modi engages uae for antimoney laundering, drug trafficking & extradition.
rt handle swaminathan aiyar on land acquisition bill hashtag put his tail between his legs and fled url
modi in u.a.e. says india needs $num trillion in investments url hashtag url
this is namo style u cant predict before he speaks url
modi rocks in dubai .what a speech ,what a personality,a true gentleman hashtag handle
rt handle this is wonderful thinking. india is one of the unfriendliest place for disabled. theres no respect at all. url
and i am proud of it.
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with the families of the deceased, tweets pm modi handle
narendra modi is a peoples pm. emoticon hashtag
handle to begin with namo does events well. made india proud. made indians happy. what did congress do other than spread unhappiness!
hashtag prime minister modi bogged down by politics us think tank url hashtag
thadammm u r qualified enough to get blocked rtv
the charisma of the man url
apparently last pm was allowed to work only at room temp of num degree celsius. num deg wld had fried his circuits? url
handle such a huge crowd to listen modi in an islamic country. seculars do you need burnool. hashtag
pics coming from dubai are awesome only modi could generate so much enthusiasm and energy among indians.
kamaal r khankrk this is the website url modi ji was talking about n its not working till d url
pm modi global community should firmly reject states supporting terrorism
modi ji charged for forcing hashtag and hashtag into mass suicides . num.num lakh crore investment finalized .
are handle ji ham to apko anti modi smjhte the bt looks like u r positive thinking journalist. glad to see that. handle
modimodi slogans in the biggest uae mosque video url
rt handle handle handle except handle who was watching pogo even handle skipped dinner n watched modi and now ha
hashtag num billion usd is huge investment. namo namah.
rt handle awaiting namo handle stadium. url
this is what modi did on sunday
even modi likes flat pitches hashtag
rt handle burnol moment for modi haters!
rt handle kahne kaa matlab ye ki modi ji is expert in announcements only but nothing is happening in reality so for how long he will
rt dna extension denial to psu heads hurting morale, says ongcs exchairman rs sharma to pm modi url
rt handle & they wish he (pappu) was like him (namo). url
dats d mistaken belief the economy is sliding and exports r dwindling, export earnings r down url
rt handle handle i see tweets & it seems hashtag is also hitting hard @ pakis hashtag
those who are critical of modi can remain critical in their attitude the prestitutes, namo says and delivers it hashtag hashtag
hashtag mr. modi is enjoying selfees in dubai
handle and i dont support modi, i only support india means ill likely swing for liberal following someday but im better than u
hashtag hashtag crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi url
rt handle hashtag is rocking the hashtag event. hes confident & loud, definitely something hes good at. but pls sir, not ground, it
numst pm will get this honour
everything should be that two minute instant noodle when it is modi. as for others, we are ready suffer for ages url
modis campaign for kerala started from the right place. emoticon hashtag
awesome speech of modi g at dubai hashtag peoples ki problem ko smjte we love we love modi d handle
hashtag modi used a tern people with napak iraade . terrorism was the centre point in a region that is staring at the arab leaders.
a very nice gesture on part of pm modi to ask crowd to give standing ovation to crown prince for allotting land for temple hashtag
pm modi urges uae to invest in hashtag url hashtag url
thank god, modi discovered india and told the world, we were unknown till mid num
rt handle people eagerly listening to hashtag speech on screens outside the stadium hashtag hashtag
modi shaking the sheiks
hashtag hashtag modi in uae crowds gather ahead of indian pms dubai speech url
prasannatweets url rt rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi.
handle you pig watch this! and cry bloody bitch! url
rt handle no standalone visit was made to sri lanka since rajiv gandhi was indian pm pm modi in dubai url
handle u have been the most staunch critic of this gov and modi, could you please write an article y it is so?
rt handle those who remained silent during congi rule,now resorting to blackmail of modi govt wch is committed to hashtag . url
one more reason for hashtag url
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united arab emirates has promised an
rt handle i can say proudly that when vajpayee ji called indians abroad for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the most pm
rt handle handle what narendra modi is to prime minister chair, youre to film review.
rt handle migrant workers in uae vulnerable to human rights abuses handle on hashtag url url
handle now you are just showing off! url
his highness the crown prince was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi in dubai url
wait for the moment when pm modi going to visit israel,
handle facts and modi bhakts are not exactly best friends
handle handle handle the charisma of our narendra modi is akin to that of a us president ! everyone wants to see him !
handle honorable dear pm of india,just out of the namo dubai program, while i appreciate you mentioning about the nri contribution.
rt handle dubai stadium num hour before the event of pm modi num,num people registered for the event. url
mba student sikkim manipal univesity
rt handle pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi hashtag url
rt handle pls ask their friends to watch it live here url url
rt handle global community should reject states supporting terrorism pm hashtag url url
modi sir giving a opportunity to every indian to feel proud not even india & abroad also
handle instead of focussing on delhi he wants to attack only modi? why do u think he does that? handle handle
hashtag we opened bank accounts for poor pm narendra modi hashtag hashtag
handle watch the speech emoticon url
hashtag pm modis uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai in a major breakthrough, india and the uae have agreed to
handle handle sssare modi hatters and congi asslickers india mae hi choot gaye hai
darkness of opposition be the darkest but when modi sun rise, you fail to stop the spread the light
hashtag pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae url
pm modi says with skill india & digital india, its natural for the world to come to india hashtag
why r they chest thumping on stupid modi s useless worl
narendra modi meets vice president & pm of uae in dubai url via handle
handle stop hating modistart loving indiaelse we will have no oposition vry soon
rt handle pm narendra modi to leave for delhi, shortly. hashtag url
handle handle handle handle i mean so jaggu pappu can accuse modi of riotsfake things can be created by anyone
handle handle the last upa govt was a biggest failur modi is trying to do something. let him do
handle handle r u nicer to modi than rahul baba? if so thn u deserve treatment from sagarika the grnum
rt handle hashtag prime minister hashtag tours hashtag zerocarbon masdar city url url
dont give ideas to troll.in emoticon url
rt handle its full and same number of namo fans waiting outsidedubai completely modifiedhandle handle url
imagine manmohan singh at the spot where modi is. what will the atmosphere there be like?
ndtv we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of dev url url
how rss plans to raise a nation of adarsh bhakts url via handle
rt handle i am specially talking to the ppl of kerala who are celebrating their new year festival modi url
the best one from modi after madison square garden emoticon hashtag
pay obeisance to nehru who had vision to give india a strong science base despite limited resources
rt handle the ticket for namo rally in dubai.
uae is a islamic country. correct me if wrong? and modi is a anti muslim pm as per hashtag well feeling sorry for them. hashtag
rt handle handle not till modi announces he has been circumcised will he be able to convince the mullahs he means no harm. handle
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odi and now num modi. handle handle handle
rt handle sheikh of mosque told media first time i listen that the peoples shouting modi modi instead of azaan hashtag http
rt handle leader of team india will rock the hashtag tonight hashtag url
whole uae is trembling with the echo of slogans of hashtag , hashtag , hashtag hashtag hashtag
handle please note he isnt modi. he is prime minister of india respect that, you guys need to cover news, dont participate in politics
rt handle predicting future bjp leader after modi in the year num ram madhav
worlds inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of development
num crore indians a source of power pm modi what power? cheap labor? child labor with almost num crore functionally illiterate?
prime minister modi visit to uae, develops relation between the two countries
hashtag modi govt getting cold feet ?
why im not looking forward to seeing modi in dubai url
modi roaring very excited url
its the huge juggernaut of modi wave now in dubai and look at the crowd!such enthusiasm to see an indian pm.never seen before! hashtag
united efforts to fight any kind of terrorism is needed for which modi has made successful attempt & got realised those who even tolerate it
modi thinks he can fool the sheikhs with big talk, but the sheikhs know well how to deal with fekus. hashtag
handle modis word in visitors book of mosque. url
after sachin sachin chants modi modi gave indians goosebumps hashtag hashtag loved the speech hashtag
modi modi chants like madison square. hashtag truly a rockstar
commit your crimes when modi is speaking, for even god is busy watching the live telecast ~ mathew hayden
pm modi to take up mission dawood with uae url
pimps are like. okay. but modi did not take us on his tour. so we will downplay everything.
indias pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque was it no more than a tourist selfie moment? url
watching this great mans speech handle handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle just imagining how sonia will feel when modi goes to italy & speakstweets in italian. omg, unimaginable?
a pakistani. just finished talking about your state of confusions. url
soon well see hashtag agitating drones getting tickets for hashtag elections.if it is promised why hog for attention? url
rt handle we allow foe in india. to each hisher own views. we think of pak as terror sponsoring state against all neighbours https
rt handle for fans, i am not anyones fan boy aj or dr swamy or even pm modi. my allegience is towards india. thats about it. period.
modi brilliantly rousing the crowd.
cong has made it a habit to criticise all acts of modi .is it frustration of cong that modi is gaining coinage everywhere . hashtag
& see what modi says just to seek with hindus
sushil modi said after listening n.modi speech in dubai that modi ji you are great so it may be said aare bhai great tau great hi rahenge
handle handle good speech mr modi
rt handle this is exactly why modi didnt visit any mosque in india. they create an issue on everything. url
pm modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential url hashtag zeenews
rt handle and they claimed modi wave is officially over hashtag url
handle we all indians having a great pride on our full majors p.m. mr n.d.modi
good talibanbad taliban good terrorismbad terrorism will not work modi. then y bail for aseemanand!
hashtag hashtag url url
handle handle handle handle modi truly arrives as a global leader against terrorism !
rt handle handle pls do continue to abuse modi. the more u guys paint him a villain, bigger a hero modi becomes for india.
handle iam in now modi meeting live watching cricket stadium
rt handle i hope those who were complaining that modi didnt mention terrorism in the numth aug speech are listening to him right n
these anti modi and anti secular are jealous of modiji thats why they are trending such a lame topic hashtag
first pics of stage and seating arrangements.
handle gotta say for modi to stand in dubai and talk against pakistan the way hes doing, takes balls of steel.
handle hi baby digi, put num spectacles and see it. url
rt handle [narendra modi goes to us]
handle modiji are you also accusing atalji then
what a man handle . thousands of muslims chanting india india and modi modi. hashtag
rt handle amazing scenes from dubai modis people connect is next to none.
rt handle modis win was a rejection not only of the dynasty but of the colonial brits, who tried to teach hindus to be ashamed of
rt handle pm modi assures that the benefits of economic growth will reach to the last person of society handle url
num lakh crores to b invested in india by crown prince
video pm modi urges uae to invest inindia pm modi urges uae to invest in india pm modi urges uae to url
rt handle pm narendra modi takes a selfie at sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi. url
indian performers at dubai cricket stadium during pm modi visit misuse of section numa url
handle everyone was like most educated and wise pm etc modi has diff political authority. vajpayee had novelty factor.
rt handle pm narendra modis uae visit quick take url
rt handle if modi visits temple > he shud visit mosque if modi visits mosque > that one is tourist place. hashtag hashtag
hashtag modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb url
handle hashtag num ways in which pm modi received a fancy welcome url url num rocks
rt handle live watch pm modi in uae welfare fund for distressed migrants pm modi url
rt handle saline please url
hashtag feeling proud to be indian thanks to pm modi
rt handle handle handle before modi era there is a gap of num years when only corruption reigned supreme and a puppet ruled with
handle mr.keju we believe in modi.he will o fine always.mr.girgit u hv established ur self as a item no. in politics. drama purush.
cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill with gst, the trading community will also ge url
rt handle consecutive nums and nums from narendra modi at dubai cricket stadium.
rt handle i know you have many complaints regarding embassy (crowd answers no), its good if you dont have any, but in case you have
more than num out of the past num tweets are about hashtag.
read more url hashtag htt
rt handle there are num flights between india & dubai but it took num years for an indian pm to come here pm modi hashtag url
modi is taking foreign policy and diplomacy to a great new level . hashtag
so many indian gathering to meet pm sends clear msg num world dat how rich is india in human resource hashtag url
it took an indian pm num years to reach uae. i promise this will not happen in the rtpm narendra modi hashtag url
sir hashtag please address the nation from nestle india hq too
newly added pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url
hashtag num,num crore, cool, pls modi ji do give num crore now to our veterans, & keep sushma ji away from that money lol
blind man shooting arrows all over skies hoping to target some lucky star dust sprinkle
i am modern organized dedicated indian (modi). because i could not stop for death url
rt handle handle there has been serious damage to social capital of india simce modis rise. he can pacify it by this sort of ge
every women must be insured url
rt handle modi in dubai trust between uae and india will last for generations url
rt handle skill development mission a determined effort to create skilled india pm modi
handle handle wish modi would someday care to tweet on vyapam massacre! wondering if indian lives dont have value hmm
modi delivers on his promise even then problem? url
handle modi inherited an empty gajana after the num years of corrupt congress rule.
awesome crowd people are cheering modi modi a speech which comes from the heart not by reading the fold of papershashtag
so advani goes to pak and calls jinnah a great leader. modi in uae discovers goodness in islam. hashtag
rt handle while india got independence in num, these people at the border have enjoyed freedom only now, on august num narendra mod
picnum modis six in num hashtag url
rt handle debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag pak obsesses, snipes at meet. modi pulls the rug from under pak?
amazed to see the craze for modi at dubai. url
rt handle the most loved and admired leader!
absolutely! its actually scary. url
rt handle handle handle handle no only rss n modis supporters with paid agency chants modi modi
foundation crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi url
whats paneer kaliya ? url
wow what a welcome for modi in uae! this man is making india proud.dont know what was congress for so long! never even had a proper leader.
slow claps for those who say, modi is only visiting different countries. modi means business. hashtag url
rt handle modi what a bastard,fuck muslims in his endia & lick their balls when meets them in middle east url
should they directly url
handle modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board no hope for business here you see
pm modi is one of the most viewed ceos in india with over one million followers linkedin url url
modi is doing very good
so for all those who ask what does modi get for india from his foreign visits
isbpl hashtag pm modi addresses num,num indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra mo url
speech by narendra modi live from uae.
modi criticized congress again
rt handle money can help you hire a stadium. but money cant inject enthusiasm in audience. those who cant see this are blinded by
dubai and the entire world witnesses a phenomenon called as narendra modi! jai ho! hashtag
the best speech so far of modi sarkar! the the best! hashtag
yuvaitv the internet tv initiative from bjp url .
handle is ur govt allotted land to build temple in abu dhabi during the time of modi visit.
rt ndtv we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm modi url
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was he pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry pm modi
modi just finished his one of the path breaking visit of uae whereas pm sahab is making sure he doesnt runs out url
live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, emigrate madad portal for indian migrants url
this is where mother goose comes to cable street.
the most electrifying man in politics. if you smell what the namo is cooking. emoticon url
getting owaisi to speak on modi. lol handle you could have invited a much better person than him.
namo is all bona fide on orop and given the entry of all kinds of politics pm needs to engage in direct dialogue and deliver finally.
sadist optimist rtp url
handle but then rana ayyub has abused modi a lot for no reason those who have been unbiased muslims are respected
modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment url hashtag
cant deny that, u never know! url
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy for just rs. num per year narendra modi hashtag
handle handle me as a writer have some right to decide aur modi ji ke raj main mujhe vo bhi nahi milega kaya rtp
handle handle please reach there soon handle . so many people to save from narendra modi.
from dr. manmohan singh to narendra modi. ohh india we have travelled from a phd research scholar to an awesome mba grad hashtag
handle handle modi ji must have something in mind & felt confident plugging this veiled warning but seems out of place~
rt handle pm modi visits num countries in num months url url
handle handle werent they supposed to send own spokesperson every time modi travelled abroad seems they forgot already.
please show it to ur viewers. url
handle brilliant speech in uea but pls modi ji pls help sikh people & opportunity and my advice to rahul & and keji learn from modi
give a standing ovation to the crown prince of uae pm hashtag url url
any congis or aaptard still have any doubt about namos popularty
rt handle enjoy? they told you sir? url
is lalit modi assisting sahara group? lalit modi to sell the groups hotels abroad. watch to know more url
if there are any pakistanis in dubai i think they must be pretending they dont know modi is visiting
num. congress party of india
rt handle pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is not some grand gesture to muslims url
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs num lakh cr; boost financial express url
url modi is not on a real mission in dubai unless he climbs the burj khalifa building from the outside. hashtag hashtag
rt handle modi government has been rocked by a series of scams, but modi ji believes in lying from the red fort? url
handle is your show off? was waiting desperately for your analysis of modi speechtmrw is too late emoticon
handle bcoz many eu and us too believe bjp,their allies & namos friends congress r no different to hautis & isis out fit.u agree
rt handle amazing crowd shouting modi modi modi!
handle handle a remarkable event of its kind in the gulf,pm modi is the only leader with mass base across globe handle
rt handle handle handle handle yes, only pm modi ji can do this, comment on goodbad terrorism in a muslim country,
hashtag is a selfish businessman
just imagine the desperate look on pakistani faces when they compare narendra modi with nawaz sharif! hashtag
rt handle business & trade matters more than ummah bull shit. but we are zarra hut kay. url
modi took mosque selfie
rt handle crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag
an interesting tool hashtag hashtag
rt handle india incs hopelessness with modi is justified.
rt handle after speech of namo hashtag see the frustration of rajdeep sardesai a journo of india todayhe need burnol https
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi url
its been a year & num months now, & yet theyve still not understood that the namo phenomenon isnt limited to nris. url
list of u turns taken by modi sarkaar till date hashtag url
rt handle unless they say anything against modibjp. then we ask them to go to pakistan url
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle numdegrees heat for num inch chest m
hashtag modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate url hashtag
indian billionaires will buy property easily [ provided they are ok with chinese n
solid steps were taken by manmohan singh to improve uae investments into india, but modi doesnt acknowledge the fact
handle handle hope mr.modi will learn and spply from arab hospitality
bhaktas will still defend modi gvt. on hashtag and call it nationalism, its indeed a shame on the goverment & such people hashtag
when modi speaks, left libtards constipate.
did someone listened to hashtag speech? amazing speech delivered by handle hashtag hashtag must watch!
i am seeing a miniindia before me right here in hashtag, says pm hashtag
retweeted paresh rawal (handle)
hashtag you are the people who enrich india handle handle handle handle handle
ndtv imagine the strength shown, the magnetic power that has drawn the world here pm mo url url
well i am a complete hashtag supporter but we expected things to be bit more fast
dubai cricket stadium roars with modimodi vande matram as pm handle ji arrives for address hashtag
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai
rt handle pts i am working hard to bring the national herald scam to conviction of tdk & buddhu. also i am with modi hell or high water.
hashtag india is changing not because of modi but due to num crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but num crore indians.
handle handle handle look he find modi unrealistic and finds himself useful there hhahahhaaisnt he funny
modiuae has agreed to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india. hashtag
hahaha what a fancy idea url
namo wins heart and gives strong message to world on terrorism hashtag hashtag
our poor pm modi has suffered so much due to the misdeeds of his predecessors that hes forced to wash his dirty linen abroad. hashtag
rt handle cant believe i missed hashtag (((( url
somehow ones heading from being a joker to a regular neta; the other from emperor to a pretender! url
in dubai gave a terrifying
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted num odis, and now num modi. hashtag hashtag hashtag
prime minister narendra modi has urged b
he is a man of his word salute to you sir handle url
congress may claim that its a modis election rally and hes contesting from dubai, lol, hashtag
aaptards are waiting for num per person from black money
modi wasting taxpayers money flying people to uae for fake show of solidarity. shame! yehi hai achhe din url
handle samjhdar ho na fir always bjp aur modi ka buray karne se apka hi izzat town hoga
rt handle after sharjahs sachin sachin its now in dubai, after almost two decades modi modi hashtag
handle modi diaspora addresses are now like cricket match finals so much excitement around
rt handle the sycophantic tweets with hashtagmodiinqatar is pukeworthy. really.
rt handle we opened bank accounts for poor pm hashtag url url
indians who work in gulf countries as labourers have greatly contributed to india pm hashtag
handle in dubai. wat a burnol moment for pseudo seculars and namo haters. hashtag hashtag hashtag
yes, his critics are right; modi has no influence outside of gujarat emoticon heartfelt euphoria from across d world on pradhansevak! hashtag
dubai cricket stadium in tricolour. ready for pm narendra modi speech url
opposition politicians lagging behind like the speed of cycle
handle handle shows clearly modi govt. has no vision no overall integrated multicohesive,multicomplementary plans to budget
a mindset that critics of modi are dynasty devotees url
modi ji would have visited babri mosque also in india, if rss not demolished it. http
koi roko, are ppl having fits there? url
rt handle after listening to modijis speech in dubai,i can tell rest of the world,that i belong from a country where modi ji is ou
rt handle apj kalam peoples president, narendra
rahul gandhi got to know about modi jis strength
hashtag hashtag how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent hap url hashtag hashtag hashtag
pm modi speaks of kabuliwallah the character hashtag immortalised love any hashtag touch emoticon hashtag
modi has spoken stronger in the last num mins, than manmohan singh, sonia & rahul gandhi have in last num yrs hashtag
rt handle desert storm.
a liar deceives himself more than anyone, for he believes he can remain a person of good character when he cannot.hashtag
modi threatened pakistan from the land of uae today.uae proved they are collaborating with raw to destabilize pakistan,particularly karachi.
not a fan of hashtag but that hashtag with sheikhs was pretty cool hashtag
hashtag pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslim url hashtag
hashtag modi in uae and address to nris is a security to all hindustani abroad.
rt handle time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi.
modi in dubai? biharis actually defeated brits in anglo afghan war (gods soldiers), of bihari gulf migrants? bihar elections? paranoia
we proud to be indian. now india is on top because of our pm great modi g. the real tiger of india.
uae to support indias unsc bid url
watching marhba modi at dubai international cricket stadium url
only bjp & pm modi can do great work for india
i am in the skills training field. ever heard of pmkvy its a namo initiative for creating employable youth for industry.
anoder sleepless nite num congtards, wht a pity congress slaves try slping, dont bother dat modi will come in dreams url
rt handle had a wonderful meeting with handle. we talked about several issues & agreed on need of stronger indiauae ties, twe
narendra modi offers $numtrillion investment opportunity to uae url
handle handle handle yeah! your pappu opens all his opening for mr. modi along with ur sonia aunty!
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved families. hashtag namo amitabha buddha.
handle namo is the hero of india. we are proud of him
rt handle pm modi when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with num cr indians. handle
num.num lakh crores? somebody tell me how many zeros are there in that figure?
rt handle namo may be hashtag from last num.num yrs but gandhinehrus are hashtag since num august num. sorry to inc supporters but
handle handle handle url
pm modis mission dawood in uae. seizure of dawoods assets to be taken up with uae government.
abuse congress, gain support.
modi arey hum toh pyaar se crown prince hi bula
half the stadium is filled with our muslim friends hashtag
handle then pls check the previous tweets of modi and jaitley about weak rupee.
rt handle ive expressed concerns about establishing more schools in dubai pm hashtag url url
num) has modi governments credibility before minorities have improved in last one year?
handle namo hasnt arrived yet plus useless buggers already down wid burnol url watch it here
crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium to hear namo. soon, ravi shastri will start announcement with how are you kochi
handle handle modi shud remember that num out of those num years were ruled by atalji so he is mocking his own leader hashtag
it is a bahubali moment for hashtag hope the pseudo seculars listen to the modi chant in dubai
hashtag modi addresses indian diaspora in dubai live updates url
rt handle the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as an emigrant portal pm modi in du
hashtag finally a voice for d indian diaspora!its high time terror n terrorists be dealt wid widout beating around d bush!way to go namo!
damn now shiv aroor is looking for a new job as khanzada of namo?jobless?are bhaiya tum apne kam se kam rakho! url
handle whats the reason behind the num daytrip to dubai by modi. read it here @ url
rt handle live pm narendra modi arrives in dubai on the second leg of uae visit zee news url hashtag
modi is a true charismatic leader. the kind of leader india needs, who can attack pakistan single handedly. indian superhero.
rt handle now bhakts will start loving muslims
handle modi modishows the new confidance of country
handle magic at work handle handle handle handle handle handle url
rt rahulnidnum pm modi u have helped maldives by sending drinking water through steamer and plane.
aur kuchh layein na layein modi will bring dawood back. that will be the start of fulfilling his promises. hashtag
handle trolling himself. book launch hero, today zero, star modi, bekar himself, i am the best old monk effect
etp pm narendra modi meets uae pm; discusses trade, investment the pm said all major global institutions such url
be live it or not modi magic has mad us look lisin &view news more &more ,it makes us fill proud indian .in last numyrs we never felt such
hashtag dubai cricket stadium hosting modi. emoticon
handle modi ji has gone lunatic
no , they are having a lot fans , but looks they are going to loose them soon url
uae raises gold import duty issue with india prime minister narendra modi held wideranging talks with the u url
rt handle modi ji upclose and personal with indian expats in uae!
modi to uae india has $ num trillion potential, invest in it url hashtag
rt handle handle yeah! modi should have told sharif, chalo, free food, free travel, might get some gifts too.handle
modi making india international leader. leader of bhutan, nepal and the like. lol
handle come out of presstitutes mindset,see india thru common man eyes.then u will see wat is modi for india
rt handle uae has supported indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council modi hashtag
handle omg! sir you are great to be a part of pm modis team working without break
pm modis uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai in a major breakthrough, india and the u url
rt handle pm modi acknowledges the bluecollared indian community, meets with over num workers
handle in hind sight what do the proposers of no visa to modi now think? that is why he is roaming all world?
lol now hashtag started in malayalam hashtag
government policy. congress mukt bharat, congress time achievements go to bjp emoticon url
handle id pay a lot to see modi binge drinking rather than indulge in verbal diarrhoea & say nothing meaningful hashtag
is it a coincidence that modi and my twin are born on the same day (not the same year)?
rt handle on second thoughts, when bhakt handles troll me about islam next, im going to reply with this glowing endorsement from modi emoticon
pm modi to inaugurate rs num,num cr road projects in bihar tomorrow.
here comes a jihadi doing some favour to me url
modi modi chanting in dubai. this happening after num yrs never seen this for any indian prime minister in over last three decades
does this also include parliamentary conflicts
rt handle stage set, supporter already setwaiting modi the hope, scope, pride & proud of india
all indians in abu dhabi should thank the leaders for allocating land for temple narendra modi
hashtag pm narendra modi receives a grand felicitation in dubai hashtag url
the uae crown prince and five of his brothers welcomed me at the abu dbahi airport modi
rt handle u love himu hate him but the fact is namo has mesmerized indians globally to feel proud &walk with head held high respec
rt handle modi came to power with slogan jai jawan jai kisan at every rally
rt handle hashtag ive never seen so many ppl gather together in dubai expect during ramadan, modi effect emoticon
rt handle mr modi, pm of india, who belongs to ideology of rss, arousing hatred against muslims here, is seeking investments from
hashtag rahul ji yr intervention too required here to save poor from this artificial inflation created by traders belongs to modi camp
rt handle .handle pm modi mst answer why bjp leadership protected rapist asaram past num year why justice was not done? httpemoticon
rt handle our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbouring coun
num were still num cr strong, & pak is still firing. handle
with so much euphoria within the indians all around the world, there is so much of heart burn amongst the modi baiters today
rt handle rt masdarinst hashtag narendra hashtag touring hashtag research labs! hashtag url
url via narendra modi a
rt handle poison of communal frenzy has no place in india pm modi url url
now this is potent stuff. url
why mr modi humiliated prev pms in germany, canada, japan, china & now in uae?
a birds eye view of hashtag shared on the occasion of hashtag visit! url
hashtag modi india taking its place on global stage
pm narendra modi at dubai a talk with indians
narendra modi brand ambassador good day biscuit achche din aayenge hashtag url
dubai engulfed in modi magic it seems. hashtag
dubai is known as tourist destination not qatar or saudi arabia. modi visits dubai where as mms visited saudi n qatar hashtag thnx!
not sure if hearing i studied your guantnamo case when i was in law school should make me feel cool, proud, or old.
handle handle handle handle handle sir i appreciate your faith n namo wouldnt let u down
uae assured modi to support indian permanent seat at the unmodi said
new terrorism decade back
india incs hopelessness with modi is justified.
rt handle modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi ho, yeh sambhav nahi
we are namo < num url
may need to wait until android n (narendra) rtd url
hashtag handle handle handle handle how u guys feeling sheet today hashtag speech
hashtag pm modis uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai in a major url hashtag hashtag
pm narendra modi is delhibound after a path breaking visit to the uae hashtag hashtag url
mental handle says that our pm modi looses mental balance when he goes out at aicc press conference rpn singh sick url
hashtag hashtag num min silence for the media prestittutes after seeing the popularity of modi url
handle sir it takes lot of self confidence to address such huge crowd hats off to namo
handle modi & jaitley duo have consciously kept you at bay.virtually sidelined so that you may never become powerful handle handle
handle modi taking grand food party in abroad and in country soldiers are doing hunger strike from last num days shameful mr pm
url via narendra modi app
handle now that too is modis fault.
modi handshake leaves workers speechless.
rt handle looking at the crowd going mad screaming modi modi makes me proud gives me the feeling once again of numth maynum
rt handle hashtag excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today hashtag
rt handle handle this news may not be true some reaction for swamys letter to namo url
reaction of sonia gandhi to narendra modis thundering speech in uae. handle hashtag url
prime minister narendra modi waves to supporters during his address to the indian diaspora in dubai cricket groundhashtag
rt handle i have been thinking and feeling ashamed of pm modiwho dont know that abroad is not the place to play politics. https
hashtag handle most successful abroad visit in most unlikely countryuae will have a temple and will invest num.num lakh crsnamo
modi crown prince has pledged investments worth num,num crore.
handle an elegant and mesmerizing speech by hon pm modi.jealous cong may crib but mr modi does india proud.excellent my pm
handle they can just rant on twitter or on sadak, unki okat hi sadak chhap hai to kya kare hum, modi is doing his work hashtag
num) modi government is antipoor and favors big corporate
watch narendra modi live on the following link adreesing in dubai.
the crown prince of dubai is watching modi jis lecture to diaspora in arabi.
hashtag cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill url hashtag hashtag
rt handle so today dubai witness a huge modi wave,its perfect burnol moment for seculars and liberals hashtag
good taliban, bad taliban; good terrorism, bad terrorism, pm modi is ripping apart pakistan for its terrorism in his speech. hashtag
rt handle num,num register for hashtag hashtag event
now expect from hashtag after namos malayalam greetings
modi success in uae is directly proportional to consumption of following items in india
rt handle pm modi says uae has supported indias bid for a permanent seat in un security council hashtag
rt handle hashtag and bhakt think that uae is indias new friend.fact is india is loosing even russia under modi
it seems bhakts get multiple orgams hearing modis bhashan
rt handle hashtag from friends in dubai that large number of pakistanis in d crowd & cheering modi wholeheartedly hashtag
so how many sickulars and presstitutes got mini heart attacks after seeing all those muslims at modi jis dubai event? hashtag rtp
rt handle reaction of secular & adarsh liberals, when they heard about modis visit to sheikh zayed mosque
and it is a fact that no one in the past belittled pm post like modi.
pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is not some grand gesture to muslims url
rt handle such a lust of oil energy o modi url
rt handle land for temple was already donated in num. looks like, modi tried to fool the people yet again hashtag url
the hashtag magic in hashtag hashtag hashtag url
handle i am glad that modi is paving way for a better future. positive on his thought process, but neutral on his execution skills.
handle please dont come across as anit national in a bid to be anti modi. stop insulting nris. they are your own.
rt handle winter session)) url
after visiting num muslim majority countries modi finally found num which is not constitutionally secular. even that country gifted him a mandir
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag to hashtag hashtag in hashtag url
aur koi demand ho to wo bhi bata do rt handle modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb
crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in hashtag pm modi url url
.handle looking at modi, i wonder if manmohan singh ever wonders where did he go wrong? why was he listening to others idiots in govt?
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai tonight numdevelopments url url
handle india feels proud because of you pm modi tells crowd at dubai rt
handle namo means our prime minister handle
rt handle the only takeaway from modis independence day speech hes living in a gilded cage url
rt handle pm modi in uae india,uae to strengthen cooperation in law enforcement, antimoney laundering hashtag
hashtag hashtag hashtag phaas gayared letter day for india and end of dawood
handle handle ultimate will be when namo brings about a peace deal between uae and iran emoticon
modi ji if you get free from your stage show, can you please tweet on hashtag ? hashtag
rt handle the lion roaring hashtag. how enthusiastic peoples are the one & only namo can make this. salute to all
thoroughly enjoyed modis speech in dubai hashtag
hashtag india can never be happy seeing its neighbor country in pain pm modi mentions how india stood up num support its neighbors
arun jaitley wont be able to challenge modi unlike tweeple gossip. no mass base. only durbaris, journos & friends from other parties.
rt handle modi is probably indias best nri pm. all the right sound bites bites abroad,complete viscous in india
rt handle modi must be the only gujju in dubai whos talking about every single topic except gold.
rt handle watch live narendra modi reaches dubai cricket stadium hashtag
rt handle sickular handle & communists with hashtag asses is totally burnt. burnol is ineffective. url
well saidpeople keep on trying to defame the modi govt,many said this was paid audience but i never felt like that url
rt handle dear handle , what has visit to uae mosque got to do with indian muslims?
handle handle i love you modi ji
.handle [modi] doesnt think in terms of muslims or christians to him they are all indians. url
rt handle ed scuttling action on nh> handle in letters to pm this is damn serious & predicted handle handle h
listening to a speech makes you a patriot? i guess ill never be a patriot all my life url
rt handle url the language used was interesting considering nsa level talks r round the corner. war of words will c
handle handle pm (modi or nt) is nt an union leader for blue collared workers. blue collared laborers r worse off in india.
modi is a living proof of why you need to be a good orator, covers every flaw you may have.
rt handle modi trolling pakistan at their adopted home ground. the audacity!
ed may not need to pursue a broaddaylight robbery type case! the case may continue as plain criminal case! url
handle respected modi ji this is really great but what about babar masjid and indian muslim levelevery where nation fight
handle handle handle after saving modi and higher orki
handle handle handle handle handle pm ho to handle jaisa there is rest & then there is modi
i am totally ok with others in my party wearing skull cap but modi shouldnt because i am a hashtag. hashtag
modi talks about opening of bank accounts, insurance for the poor. handle
seriously must be hoping, only way he can get a majority in parliament and become pm url
politicians after paying for the crowds can never get full house,modis presence alone sells a full house hashtag hashtag hashtag
modi takes a tour of masdar city in uae in a driverless car url
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modinahyan talks, uae to back indias unsc bid url
hey handle and handle modi can do a lot better than you people at centre. maan lo ab
live blog pm modi to address indian diaspora in uae shortly url
pm hashtag begins his speech with bharat mata ki jai. hashtag
handle is there any diamond businessmen who can sponsor such meetings for anyone other than modi? cheapo.
it wont be erroneous to say that people of india is lucky to have pm like narendra damodardas modi, no one i repeat no one can replace him !
online platform called maddad to connect indian diaspora around the world pm hashtag url
(tomorrow hell address rally in bihar)
modi because of his low profile speeches cause lost of grace of indiam pm.
we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but were going forward with it pm modi hashtag
these intellectual liberal mandali hate modi and then decipher each and every sentence of modis speech. no matter, ppl call them libtards
from newyork to dubai seems namo has lost a bit of fizz. hashtag
handle event management is far different to governance. modi ji must speak in parliament too.
modi flashes and flashes it hard ravi shastri
his highness the crown prince was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi
hashtag pms uae visit narendra modi again attacks previous governments, congress slams him url hashtag hashtag
hahahakuch bhiactually hashtag handle it rains in india, ppl in dubai will open an umbrella.tht close they are modi handle
handle handle handle guys dont be surprised, if modi visits mars & you find people chanting modi, modi. gimmick!
handle i m laughing at ur countries stupidity, the whole islamic world knows , modi is muslim killer
rt handle sir handle ji peoples have great expectation from you.
true inspiration for millions.
modi rocking it, without a guitar! hashtag hashtag
dubai cricket stadium is all set to say url
handle please tell me the link for live modi ji speech
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi hashtag url url
the credit for the phenomenal response to modi by nris goes to nehru. he ensured that india remain devoid of jobs and no of nris increase.
handle modi ki mane toh uae is a better ruler for india. useless modi
if modi was going to let down orop protesters, he shouldve at least appealed to their honour url
modi has spoken more powerfully in the last num mins, than manmohan singh, sonia & rahul gandhi have even tried in last num yrs! hashtag
handle hashtag [live now] narendra modi pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url
rt handle i am grateful that uae has supported indias bid for permanent seat in unsc narendra modi
rt handle in a first, modi visits labour camp of indian workers in abu dhabi (watch video)
if you are in dubai and have not received an invite for the modi event, then you are nobody there. every friend seems to be heading there.
handle sir, not in uae covering modi? your employers do not trust you anymore to reign in your emotions with a pro modi crowd?
handle handle modi the man in action
to everything burn, burn, burn
full stadium view hashtag hashtag hashtag url
where is the modi chuppi todo junta hiding today? hashtag
rt handle retweeted ani (handle)
modi is savage. taking potshots at pakistan at their adopted home ground.
rt handle almost every channel has cut live to show pm hashtag address in dubai hashtag
pm modi takes dig at pakistan, says joint statement with uae sends clear message on terror hashtag
people are betting in dubai on the number of times modi will say mitro during his speech.
handle handle nope! what modi ji did to pakistan was more like this. url
after num years, we held peace talks with those who engaged in terrorism in nagaland pm modi
handle handle so modi have picture with now modi is criminal right indian media thats why you stnd on num plc in wrld n bjp num
the hashtag magic in hashtag prime minister narendra modi once again show its magic in uae url
in one dinner, modi make these jihadist eat pure veg! imagine what will happen if namo shift there and eat with them for rest of life
rt handle pm narendra modi being briefed about more aspects of masdar city hashtag url
the number of skull caps in a modi event is directly proportional to the percentage increase in burnol tubes. hashtag
modi is the first pm of india who is doing cheap publicity of his copied scheme on foreign land. hashtag hashtag
pm hashtag one of the most viewed ceos in hashtag linkedin url hashtag url
and best wishes for ur modi chaploosi
pm modi asks indian diaspora num giv standing ovation num hashtag
handle handle cz your son is a modi lover
vote for modi .this is impotand
link to article url url
marhaba namo. this is a strength of this indian leader, truly this known as modi effect
handle handle they shd not bring their own people but provide job opportunity to locals. do you think that will happen under modi?
namo ya na mano he is the most popular indian prime minister the world has ever seen! hashtag
totally mesmerizing speech of hashtag in dubai, first time ive hearing the whole speech by any of political leader. chaa gaye hashtag
modi, first pm in recent past who shares details of summit level agreements, diplomacy, ea in simple language.
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to visit this nation modi
india sent aid to nepal within hours of the earthquake pm modi hashtag
handle first time u used pm instead modi . what happened ? ethics remembered
.handle modi ji may not be bothered about legislative business but the world is & so am i.
rt handle handle congress was in power & done nothing & you wants modi to gv date! disgusting! hashtag
handle modi strikes a chord with the common man. rs num.num lakh crore deal for investment in india no mean achievement
*modi open bottle of chaas*.
massive pr boast attempted to resurrect modi s declining image while paid crowd chants modi modi hashtag
rt handle one step forward, seven steps back for foreign relations. url
modi mentioned assam and north east in his dubai speech speakers bundles of his concern towards this area and his dev. politics hashtag
rt handle hashtag hashtag why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world apart from bangladesh, t url hashtag
a positive media dont make make u a best pm mr. modi
pm modi in uae abu dhabi has deep pockets, but will it loosen purse strings for india? url handle handle
it is pride of telangana weavers.
rt handle uae has backed indias candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi hashtag
dubai sports stadium full packed to welcome namo url
handle take a break maam, chill. pls accept that modi is popular like no other indian politician, after vajpayee
strongly condemn blast in bangkok.my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of injured, tweets pm modi
ha ha ! will & must go num grave thinking about it ! url
handle everything good in india is due to modi
*support for permanent membership in unsc.
trashing pakistan from dubai i.e. modi for u . strike when iron is hot . hashtag hashtag
didi handle s claim that indians all over the world embarrassed coz of modi not quite in sync with d crowd he gets for his speeches
land for temple is not the parameter,its a respect for the around numindians living there and it came only with namo there hashtag
handle handle handle handle this is modi era as well as at dubai modi aura its unbelievable
modi in dubai live uae to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india
its really the only way to be when it comes to banking url
live from dubai listening to narendra modi
modi is carrying a lot of hope in his shoulders than we even can think of
these useless dumb, brain deads, will do nothing url
people cheering hashtag while waiting in lines hashtag hashtag handle url
rt handle handle the news from out here in the centre is that india has won the toss and mr. modi will now speak.
rt handle if sonia had smiled, tavleen look at madame dynasty deviously smirking at our lord modi. no respect for indian pm ht
dont know as prime minister but as a orator modi is too good!
imagine narendra modi going somewhere but not taking a selfie.
hashtag is superhero jubilant crowds throng hashtag stadium for hashtag address url url
india for sale. invest your money, let us show it as indias growth, then take bonanza returns back to your country. url
rt handle congress says when modi in mosque there is nothing great about pm modis visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque
rt handle modi has spoken stronger in the last num mins, than manmohan singh, sonia & rahul gandhi have in last num yrs hashtag
handle event managers are needed for raga. modi is the show himself!
miya mithoo hashtag hashtag
narendra modi at his best to give back to pak good
rt handle modi govt to inject rs num,num crore in psbs in a month, sbi to get rs num,num crore url
handle everyone likes entertainment . modi is providing full entertainment .so most will come hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle handle handle pm modi ji is the only one leader who address their own persons in foreign country, he remembe
can we use it for terrorists ? ~ sharif
handle it feels that modi is speaking in bihar assembly polls.
not single msm malayalam channel is covering tis event.while its running commentary by handle hashtag url
rt handle handle former pm concentrated on being pm not as full time fm like modi
salute to you narendra modi sirwaiting for more and action against desh ke gaddar url
our indian muslim brothers in
cc handle & handle . also handle . can any of u answer url
proud moment for every indian.
hashtag speeches are the height of vagueness and ambiguity. hashtag people are stupid enough to buy those horribly loose lies!
india has never seen a greater visionary pm like namo with both feet firmly planted on the ground and head held so high !
rt handle eminent & thinking gentlemen know that modi is the only world leader who won with num+ million votes hashtag https
congress could not point a single corruption misuse of power by modi govt; they want pm to come to parliament to clarify on silly issues
power of hashtag. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
proud of r honourable pm handle url
congress clearly lost their mental balance seeing modis rising global popularity graph. sends pottymouths like ajay kumar to abuse him
handle modi ka nahi achi baato ka koi chahra nahi hota its not modi its the work that he been doing that makes him special
whats wrong with media
rt handle pm hashtag visit to mideast is making ripples in hashtag. hashtag supports indias bid to hashtag. good for hashtag. hashtag
a direct flight is operating sharjah to varansi for a long time now so why there is a news that modi ji has arranged it with uae government?
dinner date with bots to engage in antimodi ranting handle, after the spectacular hashtag show url
rt muzammilsyednum url rt roflgandhi all of you making gaynum joke on modis warm reception by sheikhs, will go to h
god. jesus fucking christ. url
handle this valuable advise will go num deaf ears of present govt specially modi
namo gives new year wishes to hashtag people in hashtag language. hashtag hashtag
looks like crowd is told to shout modi modi after evry num minutes. hashtag
handle handle handle what slanderous agenda.why d hell modi want to project him? he is beyond that. he is saviour hardworking for us
rt handle when it comes to statesmanship, politicians from oxford and harvard are kids in front of modi. hashtag
watching narendra modi live speech
rt handle all national news channels are covering modi jis live speech from dubai. hashtag hashtag
hashtag ppl like handle who always jealous of modi win slept early tonite singing koi hero yahan koi zero yahan. sharam kro
rt handle namo is a leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.hashtag hashtag
bstn modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to facilitate r url
rt handle narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadiumwell played, sir hashtag
har har modi in dubai dont watch it on handle ur tv might blast hashtag url
handle my mothers already said look at how hard modi works at his age and look at you. handle handle
hashtag modi is de most emotionally intelligent politician.are rahul n his mom match him.his oration was wonderful. congress shud welcom
rt handle modi live in concert. url
hashtag magic is still continue watch it live nowfrom hashtag
how does narendra modi cramp all these ideas in his mind and express them at the exact right time. a true yogi he is
mere hashtagnothing else url
rt handle intriguing spin reuters. if handle were to make a gesture to ind muslims like this, plenty of mosques in ind https
handle alhamdulilah we are safe, brother muslim donated land in julynum but credit chor modi trying to get credit of it
pm modi addresses crowd at dubai cricket stadium. live url
innocent animal get to live one more day thanks to great namo hashtag hashtag hashtag url
rt handle congress has been accused of muslim appeasement by modi when he was cm gujarat & by bjp since long.
good talibanbad taliban, good terrorbad terror. this wont work. a decision has to be taken. are you with terrorism or with humanity modi
hes done it again, says congress, as pm talks of inherited problems
prime minister narendra modi on his way, audience asked to take their seats. hashtag
the whole world is dancing with modis name
any delay in infrastructure development will lead to increase in unemployed skilled youth. so we see modi pushing infrastr development.
modi g, if agricultural in india is given as industry status may be inn phased manner india will become superpower in num years! hopes reply
dubai set to welcome pmmodi url
rt handle handle the hashtag event has started. modi will speak approximately at numrtnum pm.
if it rains in india, indians in dubai open their umbrellas narendra modi hashtag
tune in to any news channel.
hashtag am listening to hpm modi live ur new flashes on mobile app are provocative! media please report dont provoke
rt handle modi just spoke a few lines in malayalam. and the crowd roared back in glee. hope the commies are listening. emoticon hashtag
unsubtledesi off late, one more trend has started. some idiots criticize namo in a sophisticated manner to appear as rw intellectual.
wonderful speech by modi
pm modis dubai speech key highlights the times of india zolwanumr pm modis dubai speech key highlights url
true success springs when modi gets help from uae to nail dawood.
pm modi hopes for speedy recovery of those injured in bangkok blast
pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a numday visit to the united arab emirates was received at
we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but were going forward with it pm modi
modiji!your shouldertoshoulder and stepbystep sync is best visible in hashtag with handle hashtag url
most importantly there are coming elections in num, num url
hashtag wow modi wishing new year in malayalam awesome
proud to be modi ji handle url
modi has no knowledge & speaks like dustbin. mms visited gulf thrice oman and qatar in nov num & saudi arabia in feb num. hashtag
totally mesmerizing speech of hashtag in dubai , first time ive hearing the whole speech by any of political leader. chaa gaye hashtag
rt handle modi v r bringing investment from blah blah country.
live it took num yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi prime minister narendra modi took to stage at t url
national herald case to be closed? hashtag! hashtag
though im a modi supporter i agree with you))) url
modified floored by dubai princes welcome
modi his pr team can write punch dialogues for rajinikanth, salman khan. that good
hashtag is biggest financier of hashtag based terrorist organisation. will hashtag ask hashtag to stop terror financing.handle
two minutes silence for those who hate modi. one can easily see the minority croud for his support. isnt it hashtag
follow us on handle url
this is crazy! so much love for modi hashtag
we can understand your frustration handle as he has done what hashtag could not do while in gov. hashtag url
hashtag any burnol left for this american citizen commenting on india?
there are around num flights between uae and india, but it took an indian pm num years to reach the uae pm narendra modi
modi speaks about antiterrorism stand taken during hashtag. a shot in the arm of the d gang. hashtag hashtag hashtag
have hit the nail on the head with this tweet. kudos! url
rt handle inability of the political leadership leaves us dismayed former defence chiefs write to pm modi demanding orop
rt handle handle handle read tweet carefullyshe is abusive on hashtag s father, damodardas modi oo
.handle sir, this is not rumor but sarcasm rtp
rt handle india to set up counseling camps at indiandominated places in uae on regular intervals narendra modi
small india is listening u modiji there
will nawazsherif speak infront of num pakis they killed der own pm candidate benazirbhutto in num
handle handle she wants modi to perform nautanki and when caught play a victim role suck minded.
rt handle international media advised modi to stay at home & do some work.
modi getting a tremendous reception at a stadium in uae. last time an indian got such a reception in an uae stadium was tendulkar. hashtag
rt handle .handle isnt it interesting that almost all the key ministers in modis cabinet hv either been rejected by the ppl or h
twitter num meh facebook is for fakers who need pictures to write jokes.
our hashtag in hashtag hashtag handle hashtag of hashtag hashtag url
hashtag the modi magic continues amazing connect with the people with his exuberant oratory skills!
mumbai times are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai prime minister narendra url mumbai times
suppose in the place of modi we stand pappu {rahul) for that type speech what happens haha
rt handle modi is disgusting. the most pompous & obnoxious speech i have ever heard. insulting another country while being their gu
hashtag magic is still continue watch it live now from hashtag
handle deep pain namo not said pakistan name in speechdear anchor actually he said he said napaak
modi & the muslim worldhow pms uae visit breaks the religious stereotype.my column url
handle pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see miniindia in dubai when will usa prez come to india & say sees minius here
nicebut y showin this to us url
hashtag need not be in apologia mood for visit of hashtag to hashtagor church for that matter
hashtag, pm hashtag, hashtag, hashtag or anyone else? who is your icon? vote! url htt
pm hashtag indirectly nailed hashtag for nurturing terrorism and terrorists. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
.handle modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate. url url
mahinda rajapakshe was almost modi of srilanka. think over it
if u can do read handle tweets. u will appreciate modi efforts more. he says its a techtonic shift num achivd by deft for. policy.
rt handle modi ji is a best anchor of world hashtag
rt handle handle handle indeed! never before has a pm instilled the indian pride in every indian as much as modi. none!
num) modi talks about sab ka saath, sab ka vikas do you think all sections of society have benefitted and allround
handle namo super trolling pakis without naming themhahaha loving it hashtag hashtag url
handle definitely it is a proud moment for us all connect of modi unparalleled
earlier we used to listen sachinnnnnnsachinnnnnn
hashtag pm modi to address num,num indians in dubai num developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister narendra modi wil
handle modi going to speach at sarjah
url hashtag , an old, but apt article
handle nice but i dont see modi in the photo,,
handle handle sushma ne cong se bola tha except date bill of besh boundary is of upa. see modi taking credit. hypocrisy.
num population in india is below num years of age narendra modi
handle u ok now?we namo bhakts were concerned about your health after we learnt you wont fight num elections due num poor health.
rt handle change is not because of modi. its because of num crore indian wishes and their passion n hope. hashtag hashtag
handle newest hashtag trend? cartoon diplomacy mastered by handle and now trialled by china url
a true hashtag hashtag hashtag at num one and only hashtag hashtag handle handle handle url
handle modi is god for us !god apply burnol
rt handle handle from num lac to num lac and majority of keralite suddenly becomes minority to biharis. what do u expect in
num.num lacs crore spending indiauae.
num indians are working hard and a hashtag is throwing hashtag and insulting the in an organised shindig hashtag url
modi pm modi to arrive in dubai at numpm times now times of india (blog) times of india (blog)pm modi to arr url
what chinese ceos told pm modi the times of india url via handle
killer statement from modi ji
more than num c, but that still didnt deter the crowd for namo hashtag url
bc the world is watching modi speak and im filling water for my lab. fml
what a gathering what a cheerful crowd.
handle may be conducting air safety drill using a drone btw check out modi live, kaafi bari bari baatein seekh ke aye hain dubai rtp
handle hope you wont hate muslim counties now who are giving respect to modi in spite of what he did rtd url
surely hashtag needs to replace that traitors with some educated & talented ones url
rt handle and h speaks in malayalam wishing everyone happy new year! modi modi chants grow louder! hashtag
amid chants of modi, modi pm hashtag says hes overwhelmed by the love dubai has given him url
actually what was d purpose of this visit signed any diplomatic agreements between india n uae
rt handle marhaba namo my ticket to indian pm handle public event in dubai. num,num people expected. thx handle
handle delay yes & unfortunate, but no uncertainty, orop will be implemented & that too by modi sarkar emoticon handle
has anyone filed an obscenity case against modi yet?
handle handle i lv my india n modi sir good luck
pm modi invites uae investors to use opportunities in india url via handle
handle bwoy has already started. url
kejri went to uae for his party fund
modiji luking very confident & relaxed than ever. god bless our namo. unbelievable crowd in the stadium! hashtag
rt handle modi managed to isolate pak even among arab nations who today becoz of is are as wary of terrorists as we are.
handle in the permanent seat in unsc this year. modi is only pr,entertainment no actual work
rt handle handle yeah, one of our family friends help was saying modi jee ne kaha tha sabke account main paise aayenge, aa
we are excited handle handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag handle url
handle & you are saying that only when modi brainwashed you did u even utter this before modi ? no na hmmm rtd rtd handle
modi as pm will hurt indias relations with islamic countriesrelations have been damaged to the extent that theyre building a temple
rt handle modi giving an account of all good onsite trips
bsca modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to facilitate r url
hashtag modi your remittances are a huge contribution
rt handle because earlier indian pms were not tourists like you are. url
pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium hashtag
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium (live) url via handle
dontt forget she is receiving favours from aap,her vies are not personal handle tweet url
rt handle modi fails to act as a mature & worthy pm. he keeps blaming cong in india but why he does so when on foreign soil reflects p
modi trolling pakistan again and that too in uae hashtag
pm narendra modi uae has supported indias bid for a permanent seat in un security council hashtag
handle wow she is so lucky to perform for marhaba namo, dubai. truly we indians are born talented. emoticon
hashtag extracting $numb investment pledge by uae with no timeline too early to celebrate, no one know status of japan $numb china $numb pledge
pm addressing the gathering at the indian community reception, in dubai cricket stadium url url
special offer for bhutan holidays packages.
handle handle and enthusiasm cant be buy as we always see in congress party rallies. modi rocks.
handle handle handle handle handle outstanding
rt handle india has been constantly helping afghanistan pm hashtag url url
sarcasm in modi way num flights from india to dubai in a week and yet it took num years to reach dubai (an indian pm ) . true though.
fast unto death whole country is with our heros who are sitting at jantar mantar.it is high time for pm modi ji url
watching live namo speech
india is a country full of opportunities where num of people are below age num pm hashtag url url
had ministry of labour, uae, declared a day off to migrant workers to attend marabha modi or was it the business community.
modi is more than a rockstar
live hashtag watching speech of handle crowds chant modi, modi as they hear his speech
ok, fine. i believe in harvey dent url
handle kejriwal is a failed administrator when he was given a chance by nafed to purchase onions at cheap rate he was busy fighting with modi.
they may like namo as the progressive dynamic leader of the worlds oldest civilization & a growing behemoth.
rt handle hashtag arrived num minutes early. first punctual hashtag in the world. hashtag hashtag hashtag handle
rt handle we were successful in rejuvenating saarc pm hashtag url url
num.numl cr investment commitment
rt handle instead of being selfish modi cud also invited some pakis to the dubai stadiumit wud hv been a warm gesture hashtag
handle modi will lick arab shit for money
time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi hashtag
rt handle abe tu ab sach me degree dikha! ch** pm url
rt handle while speaking when handle ji is taking a pause, people going modi modi modi modi !
handle handle comparison with namo basic problem. if only their leader had the charisma like namo & speak like namosob,,,sob
handle modi sir pls take strong action against pak & condemn terror & ceasefire violation of pak too, we hvnt voted num u to be soft on
rt handle rajdeep sardesais reaction after modi ji visited sheikh zayed mosque
handle handle modi and hindu always blame.he might blame if anyone got pregnet and thy blame isi
handle im gruding against modi at the moment, solely because i have the authority to do so as an indian & pakistani national.
modi threatening pakistan from the uae groundsanti pakistan address of modi in uae is uae fall into the hands of modi
yuviannum url rt babubhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi
handle gifts pm shri narendra modi the hindi version of his book
iarmynum url rt chandranum its full and same number of namo fans waiting outsidedubai com url
pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae the times of india url url
im immensely happy to say that there is a warmth welcome of our great pm mr.modi in a land of uae such a unruly crowd .jai hind jai bharat
rt handle patient for num years. impatient for num year. thats the level of expectations from modi.
modi in uae public transport details for dubai sports city event the national url hashtag
why are both sonia g and modi behaving like national polls are imminent?
modi actin fearless in uae. if u hv real guts cm address the numerous issues raised in parliament in india. stop running away!
handle lets get some balance on tv. modis mosque visit in dubai is to appease muslims in india and for bihar outcome come on
i wish, chanting modi modi could stop corruption in india. wish.
rt handle what nonsense is this?
handle handle next time you people like modi rss vhp make sure they arent chopping the heads of muslim in home
she blocks any n all who she thinks are modi supporters or anti cong either which way see. she is dead scared url
hashtag hashtag one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi via the hindu url
sharing all info.& devp.
i think modi is as popular a pm as jfk was. the kind of hope that he has instilled in masses is awesome hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle good one hashtag url
handle sachin got a thunderous applause after his centuries in sharjah in num, now its modis turn to get a fantastic response
namo in abu dhabi temple land, in dubai crowd of num awaits. israel saudi accord.paks fear of being isolated even in islamic world r real
handle hatred for modi is blinding them to anything and everything on earth
shaikh holding jutti & beating modi by saying sada wazu khrab kr ditta
modi in mosque tourist location
muslim majority crowd cheering for modiburn sickulars burn hashtag
after nepal japan china usa now you rocks in url i am proud we have pm like you jaihind
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it since indias prime m url
artists dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero modi url hashtag
that reminds me of rahul gandhis alleged parchi! url
today all roads lead to dubai cricket stadium. glad to see a super turnout to hear modi ji. hashtag hashtag hashtag
haha ! this pic will haunt modi for long. url
in dubai numtruck full of burnol
rt handle this is modis effect handle handle handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag handle http
hashtag rocks feeling proud
wtfhope it becomes truehashtag url
you havent proved any case so far. only talk like modi. all the best. would appreciate if you can get sg convicted. url
now handle is tweeting modi bhakts tweet become a mouthpiece of rssbjp. so it will be rewarded by hashtag !
pm handle arrives at dubai cricket stadium amid huge cheer, to begin his speech shortly
live stream hashtag hashtag
rt handle ok , u didnt miss much saved ur time emoticon url
rt handle hashtag everyone who criticised namo should see what he has done for india even outside the country why couldnt any
handle so y mock pm? i nevr thot htred for sumnum is so deep n if modi wer any fascist as als claim they wnt b here writin nonsens oped
modi ji ki bhut hi acchi speech thi aaj very nce in the world
rt handle oh nooooo! even swamynum the great couldnt do anything to gandhis when italian agent modi ji is ruling rtp url
handle handle handle looks like some arabs kidnapped her mom or sis raped them.and asked him bash modi govt just like papp
agree. remittances from nri is more than d average income of hashtag if u exclude thr black money url hashtag
handle modi ji forget pak numst just clean up this mess.
it is not modi with whom, biggest people of earth shaking hand, but they see num c indian and fastest growing economy in front hashtag
shame on ol indian media houses. they r all busy in political debates and rest r showing premodi show in dubai.
live uae agrees to invest num.num lakh crore in india modi url via handle
live pm modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against terrorism
dubai are u ready for the big moment
i liked a handle video from handle url sushma swaraj statement in parliament on lalit modi issue news
long, hot wait for those headed to marhaba namo emirates num url
rt handle modi will never speak on vyapam. the more media demonises shivraj the better it is for modishah camp. internal politi
shefme url follow officiallunartm url
rt handle feeling proud abt his drama. url
hashtag welcomes hashtag modi with open arms
handle modi ji ur great person in politics.
we love u modi ji (from muslims) url
rt handle thats why namo url
rt handle cong attacks modi on his legacy remarks in uae url url
rt handle indias modi visits hashtag labour camp, a clear message that will not allow rampant exploitation of its workers url
rt handle india starts burning when handle
even the ex servicemen have hope only from modi on orop and they know only he can fulfill it. they never had any hope from cong. trust modi!
rt handle tell you modi will win an election in uae if they have one noweasy going style, full flow, knows hes ribbing seculars
an article which is slightly old, but the author has valid points on why modi govt should fight graft aggressively
if d news on national herald is true.n handle is being sabotaged by handle.tym nt only num stop modi govt but num treat it lyk an enemy
modi addressing indian diaspora in dubai. pray he addresses the pressing needs of bharat, satisfying all stakeholders with utmost equity.
secular headlines tomorrow modi speaks to a predominantly malyalee audience in hindi in a foreign land!
rt handle in a country that stifles religious & political expression, quite something to see modi effect in uae. good on uae. ht
modi addressing a foreign audience yet againspinning yarns why are we being inflicted wth it on all news channels
best thing did in recent time. voted for modi as pm. feeling proud for voting hashtag
one killed during bomb making at the house of modis bjp leader in kolkata url
pm modi ji announces bharat ratna for his consistency.
handle thanks to modi for his kind words to the hard working people of india in uae, soothing are his words ,well what magnanimous
rt handle hashtag woos hashtag, says hashtag has $num trillion investment potential
handle handle the main problem with congress is they are not in power to do what hashtag does. thats so simle
haha wtf does this mean url
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae governme url over.
rt handle hashtag modi ji has scored century with all nums and nums feeling proud
modi ji has captivated the imagination to its hilt, where ever he goes, crowd seems to be swooningwow
if not for twitter, my world is filled with uncles & aunties who are mad namo fanboys. this is like the attitude era equivalent for them.
the last indian before pm modi to take uae by storm was a curly haired num year old sachin swatting aussies everywhere! hashtag
the bollywood tone of the speech cannot be understated samajhne wale samajh jayenge (in reference to terrorism). get that,pakistan? hashtag
rt handle hashtag pledges $num bn investment in india. major victory for modi. but the devil lies in details & there arent any as of now
watching modi magic, what a wonderful crowd and hashtag
free domain handle hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
omg ! indian hashtag will howl their guts out now theyll go in a huddle to plan anti modi strategy ))
modi said india was proud of expatriate indians settled and working in the uae url url
rt handle see modi also has papers with speech notes. nothing wrong with it. rahul can carry it, modi can carry itanyone can
we have a deep historical links and shared vision and aspirations for our nations handle to pm hashtag url
modi in dubai live thousands queuing up to enter the stadium url hashtag
handle handle handle sultan sir thank for trust bestowed onnum indian nd its prome minister sri modi .
connectivity plays a huge role in development, europe is a fine example narendra modi ji hashtag
live on hashtag here he is. prime minister of india narenda modi in hashtag hashtag url
rt handle modi tell in uae he got lethargic charge url handle handle handle handle
modi ji slying like a boss today
hashtag nodoubt why modi has so many haters, has any politician in india achieved so much that pm modi has?
modi against outside interference in middle east url hashtag
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple url
lolmadam why havent you deleted these gems? are you a proud adarsh liberal or just a dumb modi hater? emoticon url
congressi and seculars in india crying like babys emoticon lol hashtag hashtag hashtag
powerful speech by hashtag interesting his posture and speech radiates confidence and sincerity hashtag hats off to handle
hashtag modi if cant assert must resign now. from namo it should be nomo now.
rt handle every time i hear namo speak, i wonder how did we manage to survive numyrs of poor mms eloquence
handle handle what do you mean to say. should no one appreciate modi. this is fascism
indian expats in uae gear up for modis visit url via handle
pm need not pay any heed to such commies, he has assured and he will implement. handle url
pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims
handle advisers like you made advani a hashtag .dont try to advise modi abt visiting mosques.hes too smart! u better give up!
pm narendra modi addresses around num,num
handle cong is bitter n in denial aftr its bad brk up wit indians in india n abroadaccpt itstop cribbing n mov on! y ds obsessn wit modi!
in the buildup to num ls electionscongresstards called modi a regional leaderthe crows on their dinner plates keep coming hashtag
modi woos uae, says india has $num trillion investment potential url woos uae, says india url
rt handle the naga accord is an example of what modi can do in kashmir url via handle
rt handle handle wnever any biased act by modi had bn challenged in court it has been won. proving modi is a man of vene
modi magic in dubaieye opener for so called seculars url
marbaha namo craze n reaction of handle . awesome. url
modi exactly knows how to win the crowd hashtag
hashtag crown prince promised investment of rs num.num lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united url
modi hashtag hashtag hashtag what a speech
handle handle and we wanna thank modi ji for saving ass of his group ppl who destroyed num century babri mosque namo namo
india inc lauds governments moves against black money
on day two of his visit to the united arab emirates, prime url
handle handle handle handle handle today pic modi in dubai hashtag url
handle this man knows what to do, how to do and when to do. hashtag url
pakistan daily killing innocent indians. modi busy running nri circus in dubai. hashtag
.handle to chant num thousant num mantra num times to ease the heart burn caused by modivisit to a mosque.
rt handle youth congress says pm modi a replica of hitler, demands his resignation url
modi is the biggest showman india has ever had.
but no indian leader can match craze for modi in islamic coun
modi when maldives faced drinking water crisis, we helped them. humne maldives ko pyaasa rehne nahin diya. handle
rt handle num plus kerela samajam members went from bahrain to dubai to attend this modi show. many gujju bhais too.
good crowd already. we have still about num.num hours to go before namo comes on stage.
thanks our pm mr. narendra modi url
just namo namo sickulars are running for burnol+ url
pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims talk about overreading a t url
rt handle num big achievements of modi ji
handle handle handle sonia will be cursing modi world taking attention of modi seriously
handle handle handle weak modi with weak foreign policy viz a viz pak. almost begging pak to hold nsa meeting
rt handle muslims in india chanting mosque mosque url
rt handle extension denial to psu heads hurting morale, says ongcs exchairman rs sharma to pm modi url
rt handle wtfhope it becomes truehashtag url
rt handle mr modi, pm, who belongs to ideology of rss,which arouses hatred against muslims here, is seeking investments from musl
uae has backed indias bid for unsc permanent seat pm modi url
how does it namo do it ? cozies up to israel, hosts iran fm in delhi and num days later diplomatic coup with uae ! url
handle joke of the day url
dubai cricket stadium half packed hours before modis speech url
rt handle if nationalism is a religion,
ndtv we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but were go url url
handle watch live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium url via handle
my first vote is dedicated to pm modi. hashtag hashtag hashtag. feeling proud
right modi ji num core people its one big family thats the onethats y we say
ha ha ha well said sir url
rt handle people chanting modi modi, like he just defeated australia in middle of a dust storm
we can now cut down forests guilt free, because we call it reforestation url
waiting for hashtag hashtag n hashtag to post photos of empty stadium behind hashtag n claim it was a flop show hashtag
modi tells super rich sheikhs of uae to invest in india like neverbefore! url
why so? whats the logical reason other than it helps indias image (thereby modis) internationally? url
this is royal trolling by modi
its to early to say that,thr r more pak sympathisers than indian formobvious reasons url
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress new delhi, aug. num the congress on su url
does modi not know our national anthem ?for its impossible that camera focuses on u while anthem playing and you dont lip sing if you know.
ndtv we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and make in indiathe url url
rt handle hashtag not able to believe the response for modi in uae ! just wow ! hashtag hashtag
under modi sir leadership i see india growing with rapid speed but still lot work need to be done at lower level hashtag work hashtag hind
handle handle even as a modi supporter, i have num say, such a big fall or increase in just num yr cant be attributed to one entity
handle modi had already forecasted
rt handle handle fascist modi has no respect for farmers nor soldiers the two backbone of a nation!
pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium hashtag hashtag
num of uae population is under one roof to listen pm narendra modi emoticon
rt handle hashtag renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, is it not anti national & treason to indian state?
rt handle modi must change hashtag to win hashtag url
prime minister narendra modi to visit bihar on tuesday as p url
waiting to listen congees reaction ye modi ki india se bulai bheed hai hashtag url
hey dawood ibrahim, what if you rule in dubai, you cant stand in a stadium like modi and face such a huge crowd even in dubai.
rt handle after porn ban people have started masturbating on modi jis speech. hashtag
modi boosted thepla & chhundo travelling gujju meal in hashtag url lalit sheth of raj travels died prematurely!
modi gets uae to invest rs.num lac cr wow thats exactly the same amt gandhi family has in their swiss bank account hashtag
in india, num percent of the country is below num years of age. india is a young nation pm modi in dubai hashtag
hashtag pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok at least num people wer url via handle
i think building a temple in abu dabhi is big step by narendra modi for creating new job opportunities & trade relations with uae.
the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism pm modi hashtag
rt handle handle pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url
if there is a problem in india, indians in dubai cant sleep in peace narendra modi hashtag
modi proved one thing today straight.
its easy to condemn a problem when its not in your jurisdiction to fix, right modi? url
modi in dubai live indian prime minister arrives at the venue url
hashtag congress ki maar li bc thats the most decent way to describe modis speech in dubai
youth icon seasoned statesman market mover marhaba namo. hashtag url
rt handle did you see handle aunty, thousands of muslims cheering for namo
rt handle handle modi has singled out pakistan for special treatment today
tough to say if handle is modi or sakshi mp or neeranjan jyoti or giriraj mp. i feel he is a potent cocktail! meaning, a dick
modi will make a difference.
nasamajh rtp handle modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board url
narendra modi hitting fours & sixes at dubai international cricket stadium. well played, sir. hashtag
the husband well he is definitely not doing anything.
not surprised to see such enthusiasm in uae for modi. for nris in these countries, its a great chance to finally show off to the locals
veg only = guaranteed boredom url
debating tonight on handle prime minister modis num year reminder. why is congress angry? hashtag
to all his detractors i can zimbly zay just zhut up and keep quwait
modi wave reached dubai. hashtag
terrorism, uae investment in india, digs at pak key takeaways from pm modis dubai speech
handle handle wondering how modis visit will have impact on kerla politics ?
rt handle hashtag modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb url url
handle handle to modify modi words in dubai there are no good gbabus or bad gbabus,all gbabus are bad
most of the media specialy zee(bjp) and ibnnum(ambani) showing modi is for visit to uae for dboss its just a loudspeaker annoncement.
rt handle modi if you have complaints against embassy, consulate, then you can use the madad helpline. handle
handle i am there but couldnt get tickets. modi more popular than srk in dubai.
why does modi get so excited when some head of state comes to the airport to receive himits been done before !
modi modi chants in dubai hope he does something to get these in india hashtag
handle omar feel free to have picnic party with your family at any hindu temple, who has stopped you? modi visited mosque
rt handle narendra modi
after sharjahs sachin sachin its now in dubai, after almost two decades modi modi hashtag
what is the reaction from india against hashtag? hashtag? where are the people? hashtag? are galat ko url
rt handle just the right platform to make an announcement about the new cricket league at the dubai cricket stadium. just the wrong m
and don t forget to say namo three times url
namo in uae, he must say something on gujarat riots in uae
people chanting modi modi, same as
wonder how much burnol will b needed aftr todays speech of modi jihandle i guess thy will need lots & lots of it url
$ num tn or num lac cr is da investment modi is looking at in uae. who is going to invest? bring back black money and we wont need to beg.
rt handle pm narendra modi receives a grand felicitation in dubai hashtag url
rt handle its hashtag and all are tweeting about sachin tendulkar, sandstorm innings and sharjah cup.
handle handle handle handle handle namo shows us india everywhere
rt handle hashtag thankful to uaes crown prince for allotting land for hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi in dubai
handle and good for u also. dont try to create any histaria of modi for us.we dont bother.thanks
thank you modi ji for appreciating aap govt. handle handle handle handle handle url
rt handle num crore indians a source of power pm modi what power? cheap labor? child labor with almost num crore functionally illi
once again a super hit performance by narendra modi. dubai speech had everything from economy to terror & hit the right cord
rt handle upon his return, modi should just go straight to jantarmantar. sit with esm and clear the air around orop.
rt handle i have long stopped watching bbc or reading any of their bigots online. let bbc know india is safe with narendra modi.
who moved the falafel? narendra modis arabian adventure comes with a gujarati thali! url
rt if u clapped for hashtag sir during the speech, even while watching on tv
is modi,like his predecessors,exploring mauritius route of investment like investestment from dubai? url
leader of team india will rock the hashtag tonight hashtag url
rt handle .handle for years the congress, sp, ncp, aimim and rjd sought muslim votes on the basis of religion url
modis move proved effective as pak abuses arabs url
after pm modis speech, pakistan has registered heavy demand for burnol.
looks like someone beat you to this tweet, handle maam! url
marhaba namo num,num indians expected to attend firstofits kind reception for modi in dubai url
rt handle whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u or u r paid to ha
modis another kick to handle morons.
pm modi rocks in dubai. great speech.
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai handle gets confused he is talking abt pakistancongres hashtag handle
rt handle hashtag to participate in pm narendra modi govts hashtag programme, to assist in capacity building url
wow! outstanding reception to hashtag. had always heard about the fan following a hashtag, hashtag & hashtag commanded. now i know!
spell bounding speech by hashtag ji at dubai international cricket stadium! ache din aa gaye
modi is not pm of indians but of nris non resident indians
even d dhongi babas on aashtha n such channels dont look so stupid n dumb like modi does wen he gives out his jumla speeches hashtag
rt handle on the occasion of pm modis visit, uae government decides to allot land for temple in abu dhabi foreign ministry
guyz can someone plz share a video of his todays speech humble request from a modi fan hashtag
rt handle original muslims have no issue with modis selfie in mosque;theyre visibly happy in escorting him across uae. converts
rt handle modi mania at the uae. live handle what is it that drives the crowd crazy when he speaks? handle
rt handle absolutely! its actually scary. url
glad this fellow invite modi to hell (i presume hes in hell) url
the high standards pm modi is setting for next pm candidate are so tough that it will be impossible for next indian pm to match modi energy.
num crore indians are not a market but they are a source of great strength, pm modi says in uae via handle
hashtag modi offers $numt investment opportunity to uae investors times of oman. aug num, url url
handle you just shut up sub tmra e kia howa ha modi
rt handle we work,not with an arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone toward development pm modi ht
pm modi the way the world looks at india has changed today
rt handle you cant see modi happy! you cant see resident indians happy! you cant see non resident indians happy! bc what kind
the folks in the red and yellow wigs must be kannadigas. url
rt handle indians who work in gulf countries as labourers have greatly contributed to india pm hashtag
we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and hashtag pm hashtag url url
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium shortly hashtag
rt handle handle pm narendra modi visits uae mosque in conciliatory gesture to muslims idiotstwisting facts if it is indi
handle sir you are aweesssommmmmmmeeeee url
rt handle hashtag watch crowds chant modi, modi as they await his speech url
rajdeep would agree. nris are as prone to gundagardi, as our mps.
rt handle filmmaker nandita singgha doesn?t agree with narendra modi?s hashtag campaign! url
handle handle after atal behari vajpaye narendra modi is the best prime minister of india. nrisimha rao was also very good.
crowd continuously chanting hashtag during the hashtag event.
modi the rockstar rocking at dubai. hashtag
something indian pm modi said from dubai about nepal today really struck a chord learn something from modi url
after seeing mass that greet modi every indian proud of him ( sorry gandhi family) url
handle tried hard to find a bad pic of handle but will settle with this one. cheap guys.
pls check handle time line
such a proud moment for our country in uae. no country has ever done this. no prime minister has! hashtag hashtag
namo also signaled he will go for pak occupied kashmir at d end of central asian tour. direct link handle url
rt handle this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm modi in dubai url
rt handle live tv watch pm narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium shortly url hashtag url
can bhakths tel me in which language modi has written the dialogue of malayalam?hashtag
modi speaking is malayalam is the human equivalent of handle. hashtag
india starts burning when handle
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi hashtag url
hashtag woos hashtag; offers $num trillion hashtag hashtag url url
rt handle interesting comment on naga accord and its relevance to kashmir url
it needs something more than num to be bold as this! ordinary human beings cannot have that guts. hashtag
handle please tweet your views about modi for indian muslims. how do you see it?
time to fight against terrorism together, and against people who support it narendra modi
pm modis visit to uae has multidimensional effect bjp url
rt handle pm concludes great extempore speech. crowd ecstatic. hashtag concluded.
rt handle hashtag india is the number num exporter of beef despite modi rule.
handle trust modi even in nh case, is it?
handle shri ram madhav ji address at the launch of panch kranti abhiyan organised by handle url
if modi ji really wanted to praise kerala, he shouldve told that mohan lal was better in drishyam than ajay devgn hashtag
india developing in a rapid speed, states like maharashtra & tamil nadu leads the nations development modi at dubai.
rt handle modi fails to correctly pronounce a single word of malayalam right in his new year wish to the mallus! hashtag
rt handle handle modi has tracked back more in one year, than hazard in his career.
handle handle new modi bhakt in the horizon
india young nation, full of opportunities pm modi
handle handle modi is bigger than obama.
numrtcongress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url the congress today said prime minister naren
rt handle all the num vets in my company are satisfied with modis plea and are willing to wait.
hashtag pm narendra modi is delhibound after a path breaking visit to the uae hashtag hashtag url
rt handle when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india pm modi
modi addresses thousands of indian expats at dubai cricket stadium modi discusses cooperation with oilrich url
when a person shakes hand with modi, that person shakes hands with num.num crore indians & with the fast growing economy of india hashtag
the only thing good about modis travels is we regularly get new meme material.
rt handle it has lasted for generations n will, without endorsements. url
handle handle handle why cant handle cover live pm namo of dubai prog? other msm covering it from now onwards
hashtag congress spokesman are so disturbed by pm modi global reach. they just wont to defame him.
pm narendra modis independence day speech august num,num url
government has launched madad & emigrate portal to provide consular help to indians abroad hashtag
rt handle pm narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae url via url
congis and pakis getting hit for fours and sixes by hashtag at dubai cricket stadium
rt handle pm modi says our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress hashtag
when most msm is extn of pol parties, handle stands way taller than other journalists coz of such pieces!
handle all our politicians are of space age. if modi ji promised moon, rahulg handle promises jupiter. handle
whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u. or u r paid to hate. hashtag
rt handle >>>> dubaibased artist views modi through portraits <<<<<
modi effect or sachin
hashtag hashtag reception in hashtag cricket stadium track live updates at url url
rt handle no one trolls like modi
handle tmrw namo has to go saharsa bihar for political rally
the only takeaway from modis independence day speech hes living in a gilded cage url url
i will ensure electricity in every part of the india in the next num yrs pm modi
rt handle puppy modi is roaring in uae. he has warned the world about terrorism as if he was not born when the gujarat riots happened.
rt handle after usa pm modi receive hero welcome in uae num.num lake crore investment num india its time hashtag wakeup num reality! httpemoticon
land for mandir in uae is not the most significant outcome from modis visit
ndtv prime minister modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism url url
live modi to address indian community at hashtag cricket stadium prime hashtag narendra url
narendra modi is powerful pm of india.
finally sickulars can say modi gaya lene! hashtag
rt handle greece watch hundreds of violent muslims attack each other tomorrow you will be the target
ab to bacha lo modi handle rupee ends at over numyear low of num.numdollar
for a moment, let us appreciate his url
pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium to address the indian diaspora. hashtag hashtag
muslims listen to hashtag leader
modi says he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we dont get tea for re num.
handle it numst hs to be dvlpd enuf to hve expats.thats wt modi is trying to achieve.in the meantime you can keep ur nonsnse num urself.
open to meeting indias oil needs, says uae on pm modis trip ndtv url
hashtag is praised everywhere in abroad and became hashtag of india but in india dirty politicians has only one motto to oppose modi
the cultural program at dubai cricket stadium has begun, where pm modi will address the gathering
rt handle modi wanna say uae is like mini india and india is like uae but congress has not done anything no? how india develope
rt handle indeed the tune modimodi imbibes confidence in supporters of modi nd nationalists and rattles opponents hashtag https
respect at all in the eyes of arabs.these lazy faced leader with no vision,cant compete screwed modi
modi asks people to give a standing ovation to the crown prince. crowd chants modi! modi! hashtag hashtag
rt handle breaking angered by modis trip to uae, a furious rahul gandhi has retaliated by leaving for spain this evening on vacation.
the crowd thats cheering at modis each word consists of hindus as well as sizeable muslims & christians. cc aadarsh liberals hashtag
im proud of my pm hashtag feeling proud
women scolding modi url via handle
matlab i voted for kejriwal but i dont lick his ass continuously
rt handle hot singles in your area are busy captioning modis uae pictures.
rt handle debating tonight with handle on hashtag hashtag modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. paks sphere of influence punctured.
handle dear uae,we dont need ur support num permanent seat in unsc and we dont want modi backkeep the change.
handle handle handle but that does not kill the fact that uae govt allowed temple construction aftr meeting with modi.
rt handle hashtag moments emoticon handle modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament
india, uae plan infrastructure fund, defence and technology ties. hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag
hashtag terrorism, uae investment in india, digs at pak key takeaways from pm modis dubai speech url
pm modi says our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress hashtag
hashtag modimodimodi echoing all over the groundits nt due to nums&nums of cricket match its cz namo is hitting nums with his words
terrorism good terrorism , bad terrorism good taliban bad taliban in gulf modi rooooocccks
acc to our sources before leaving for dubai modi promised dem to bring rajdeep with him
sir shri handle ji dream comes true big big hashtag url
fdi increased by num in few months modi hashtag
handle you r right mr javedkar modi mahan to baki sab mehman
i dont understand why these aap congress fellows act like they wet their undies every time namo gives a speech.
i have seen modi rallies but this hashtag is another level, crowd response is unbelievable
rt handle point must be taken > url
rt handle . dear handle , these jibes at namo dont mean anything! social media sets the agenda for msm news these days handle
rahul gandhi and ferziwal see where you stand against modi hashtag
very proud full momentmodi ji is therebharat mata ki jai
pm modi to address num indians in dubai tonight num developments url hashtag hashtag url
rt handle pm modi says with skill india & digital india, its natural for the world to come to india hashtag
my pm, your pm, our pm is really working after sachinsachin we are proudly chanting modimodi
handle handle never before in the history of indian politics i have seen dynamic and inspiring leader. thank you modi ji
big mafia are running this begging treading in delhi.
expecting num lakh crore rupees of investment on india from dubai pm watching narendra modi
rt handle crown prince of uae has pledged to invest rs num.num lakh crore in india pm hashtag
modis regime foreign invest. of multi billion$ getting common. hashtag
pm modi attacks previous govts in uae, url hashtag url
the most amazing thing handle is doing is remind the world the power of being indian url
rt handle handle handle handle are u listening our pm namo ? country who supports terrorism shuldnt get any inte
u want these ppl num enter parliament
you love him or hate him but you to accept modi is. mass magician url
charismatic, majestic, blessed & loved leadrship is called mr narender modi. any doubts then watch him live right now from dubai
prime minister modi is hopping from one country to another conveniently n befriending leaders but he is distancing himself from people .
veni, vidi, vici moment for modi, proud of you sir.
handle muslim cheering for modi ur propaganda lost emoticon
hashtag he looks camerawala more than a chaiwala
hashtag naved ki and ka louis berger case sergio ramos
rt handle handle any journalist asking owaisi about namo is a mischief in itself.
maam dont forget to watch the grand spectacular event. hashtag url
rt handle modi model of developing india!
is mr.ram madav international event management expert or crowd is coming only & only to listen modi ji hashtag url
landmark initiative govt. of india
all narendra modi government yojanas schemes knowledge infinity its all about awareness url
rt handle whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u. or u r paid to
why is modi being sickular emoticon
ndtv so many flights are there between india and uae but it took num years for a pm to v url url
rt handle none of the islam followers offered topi to hashtag both respected eath others faith, n dats secularism not tokenism preach
daynum highlights of modis visit to abu dhabi! url
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi url hashtag
rt handle this is the real lesson to be drawn here. handle url
handle im unable to understand your problem, why are you guys suddenly ultra antimodi and trying to find mistakes in his every move hashtag
bsln modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to facilitate r url
handle this is d numth country that modi visitingwhat happened so far handle
handle handle handle there was a time when dubai was secular. modi & his communal politics
pm modis hashtag speech key highlights the times of india hashtag hashtag url url
hashtag, through his foreign visits, has ensured that the world treats us with respect and looks at us as a potential superpower.
hashtag hashtag modi addresses thousands of indian expats at dubai cricket stadium url
rt handle handle handle handle handle handle is this is the respect modi sahab has for jawans? hashtag url
rt handle handle handle handle handle war veterans on hunger strike, modi eating biryani it is ve
livetelecast of namo in dubai marhaba namo forward together hashtag url via handle
modi modi after every sentence he speaks handle hashtag
modi can we start construction?
rt handle india inc hails pm modis emphasis on agriculture, start ups, social security
modi looks so zonked rn
modi! modi! modi! best hooting in a cricket stadium after sachin! sachin! sachin! hashtag
next demand should wear skull cap then should eat non veg biryani and then convert to islam url
the indian in dubai opens his umbrella if it rains too much in india pm hashtag
would request indian army to not waste blood in requesting modi, seeing this, watering occurs in his mouth, not eyes url
handle prestitutes are perplexed. url
num. sachin sachin sachin sachin
modi suits as pm of india. he has that charisma and personality. took the uae by storm. hashtag
is it only me who thinks that either modi is too tired or high?
url modi modi chants like madison square. hashtag truly a rockstar
.handle for years the congress, sp, ncp, aimim and rjd sought muslim votes on the basis of religion url
modi ji, this is dna of bihar,but you dont know about it. hashtag url
rt handle handle anand sharma said before elections that modi does not know anything about foreign policy?
pm modi repeats his clarion call make in india! hashtag
modi has more fans than wht undertaker has in wwe.
difference between hashtag hashtag hashtag who went to dubai to beg for hashtag & hashtag hashtag who gets funds for hashtag
always fell good when modi ji use bhaio or bhano words like swami vivakanand
handle for indians it is jo bolta hai wahi bikta hai. rg cant talk shit. modi can talk all day.
all my seniors will be preparing num cheat sheets each for me to attack modi and people supporting him in dubai.
handle handle mr modi has simply outlined how things are changing for the better since he took over. hashtag
rt handle handle handle handle excellent mashallah ! hashtag hashtag hashtag url
crowd of numk filled in cricket stadium chanting modi with enthusiasm really proud moment fo indians in hashtag hashtag hashtag
numn just today handle of handle asked modi to tweet something on ceasefire violation by pak. n he got the reply from dubai
handle handle we are proud that namo is our leader and pm. long live modiji
rt handle live on hashtag here he is. prime minister of india narenda modi in hashtag hashtag url
rt handle modi talks about saarc satellite. will give services to saarc countries free of cost. handle
with this pace hashtag can wipe out congress for ever.
very strong statement by modi on un not deciding definition of terrorism and terrorist state. only modi can do it handle
rt handle narendra modi is true rockstar and common man. one of the most popular leaders of world.
tandoori lamb chops for non veg! url
the indian diaspora had been largely forgotten, relegated to pravas bhartiya diwas ceremonies.but now namo has arrived to reach out directly
rt handle standing ovation for crown prince of abu dhabi says pm modi for allocation of temple land hashtag hashtag hashtag
uvsnum url rt babubhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanashe should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi d
rt handle modi will speak to people in dubai at around numpm via handle
modi should have sung main hoon hero tera song for dubai people instead of delivering such a long speech hashtag
rt handle good taliban, bad taliban,good terror, bad terror this wont work. decision has to be taken are you with terrorism or with
rt handle modi diluting hashtag act, no lokpal,dubious cvo appointed, killed hashtag, rti gagged, is killing judicial inde
rt handle soina rahul why are you watching pm modi speech. rahul mom even pogo channel telecasting modi speech. hashtag handle
hashtag spitting venom against pak from hashtag dubai stadium, unheard in diplomacy. own channels clueless on development url
dubai cricket stadium huge crowd. people chant modi modi already url
url rt rajthackeryay modi is just one step away from going burj khalifa par ek din kamal khilaunga.
hashtag congress attacks pm modi on his legacy remarks in uae url hashtag hashtag
therefore tweet failed. url
the military ignores obamas order to release num lb. shaker aamer from guantnamo
rt handle this is how hashtag thru connecting hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag & soon rope in hashtag hashtag https
handle hain, tabhi to sleeping pills le raha huin
modi has amazing energy levels. today dubaitomorrow bihar just amazing for his age
we reject it sagarikha and rana tayub
handle handle handle handle dubai was rehearsal for bihar speech. but modi cant praise muslims & christians in bihar
hashtag hashtag faces tough hashtag choices asia times url
it mandatory to oppose even good acts of hashtag ji,
welcome home sir, it was an amazing speech we are thankful to uae government and modi ji for great job. handle handle
rt handle pm modi not told to dubai peoples , that he had broken the ex. soldiers head in dehli. url
handle media mafia gets rattled after every modi wave,wherever it may be.
modi is the best in the world
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment url free submission url
handle modi did it again
construction sector daily indian pm modi offers uae $numtn investment options url
another epic speech by our pm modi. hashtag
bjp corruption spreading like forest fires in india and all bjp ruled states modi says no corruption in bjp hashtag hashtag hashtag
bcoz,there isnt any oil wall in delhi. url
why cant saarc countries replicate what europe has done narendra modi
wat a speeeeechhhhhhhh num salute to pm modi hashtag hashtag
definitely world has new show man in form of narendra modi ji hashtag
rt handle the ummah is one. url
prime minister narendra modis uae visit in pictures url url
lets just not go there.
handle lo modi ka ek aur world tour he is one of lucky prime minister in the world who always busy in his world tours
narendra modi shows the serious politics of opposing hashtag. this requires the politics of finesse & opposition to hashtag appeasement.
handle handle i thought modi had num ppl listening num him
num growth in fdi in india. hashtag hashtag
rt handle a big slap , who said modi is only famous among hindus & no one knows him beyond gujarat. hashtag
trump should hire modi to win him elections hashtag
handle handle doctor sir, is there not mosque in india for modi to bow, all the way going to uae to do that! shame on hindus
congratulations channel times now for live coverage our pm modi in dubai hashtag
modi just said pakistan is our neighbor. hashtag
handle handle naturally congis and aaptards are very sad now a daysnamo knows where to hit
handle lalit modi says thank you.
pm hashtag speaking about hashtag relationship with neighboring nations hashtag hashtag url
hashtag how many fake accounts used in tweeting here against modi here! oops.
he thinks modi who pocketed more than num of gujarat s budget in num years can being investment for india. haha url
extremely grateful to crown prince of abu dhabi, emirates and uae rulers, should every indian thank him? pm modi url
they are pro nation & pro development! hashtag url
num. shop at meena bazaar
indias premier, narendra modi receives warmed welcome in uae. url
the fuck he is smoking url
but congress accuses modi for the same thing while drops on knees to praise sonia for doing same url
handle handle have u ever seen nihal chnad? pls tell delhi police hc is loking for him bloody shameless bjp scnd home modi pic wid lalit?
pm narendra modi to address a num,num strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in num minutes.hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url
narendra modi visits the uae, becomes first prime minister to visit in num years
chants of hashtag namo and hashtag modi all over hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle pm narendra modi discusses urban development and next generation urban spaces at masdar city. url
rt handle for news channels in india, pm handle speech on foreign visits on primetime turns into modi primetime bulletin.
a senior & credible cong leader reveals that be it the vadra or herald case dynasty has been assured of no harm . url
rt handle crowd continuously chanting hashtag during the hashtag event.
rt handle uae companies will invest in indian real estate
rt handle dubai cricket stadium half packed hours before modis speech url
atleast some topic for hashtag to outrage over
modi, modi chants welcome pm handle as he addresses the indian community hashtag
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin economic times url
prime minister sri narendra modi offers $num trillion investment opportunity to uae
two minutes silence for those who hate modi. one can easily see the minority croud for his support. hashtag url
rt handle very true. lalit modi is living proof of this url
handle pm modi says dubai is not only mini india, but a mini world too hashtag
heart touching speech of honorable p. m. narendra modi in dubai. just got emotional seeing the speech on tv.
did namo say this? url
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin prime minister narendra modi, with over one url
handle handle handle aaj sare anti modi congressii ki ma beep beep ho chuki hai hashtag
handle whatever modi did in last num months is stealing upa policies, schemes.healthy economy that inherited gradually sickening.
rt handle solid steps were taken by manmohan singh to improve uae investments into india, but modi doesnt acknowledge the fact
i need hashtag pr team. glorification is unreal.
as far as i know, modi has never really condemned terrorism and state sponsorship of terrorism so strongly before this. hashtag
watching handle ji live hashtag
rt handle no wait. what url
handle so modi is compromising with cases to get his work done shame
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi url via handle
filmmaker nandita singgha doesnt agree with narendra modis hashtag campaign!
now hashtag will have nightmares hashtag hashtag url
in india, num of the country is below num years of age. india is a young nation, says pm modi hashtag hashtag
handle one who tweeted it, deleted it. url
largest gathering on foreign land to welcome a hashtag
joint statement between the united arabemirates and the republicofindia
pm modis mission dawood in uae url
warm welcome to hashtag in uae is a reflection of indian pride in world
live speech of modi in dubai url hashtag hashtag
by the way road blocks are created , it is necessary for modi govt. to bypass or figuratively develop flyovers or overshoot them.
rt handle sonia gandhi is the undisputed queen. shame on you modi govt url
we r living in baroda
handle modi jis doctorate in jumlasso no comparisonwe can count up to lahkhs may be stop your chaplucy n save energy
handle handle handle he must be interviewing the lone paki isi agent outside stadium on how modi is bad for india.
rt handle hashtag woos hashtag; offers $num trillion hashtag hashtag url url
rt handle when the only qualification you need is rss membership&namo bhakti for a position in hashtag
has hashtag converted another hashtag? url
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai url hashtag url
piety, harmony, inclusiveness are inherent to islam. modi in uae
handle handle haha, btw, modi today called india a young nation, meaning he also sees india as it is since num rtp
handle demanding temple agenda mr modi the first leader frm india go to uae but musllm lder not asking abt babri masjid gujarat
rt handle when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india pm modi in dub
num. use sava sau karod million times.
todays speech was masterful. hashtag back on top oratorial form. style, substance, the lot. hashtag
and modi wastes money on foreign holidays. url
rt handle modi doval duo is doing unexpected things so simply hashtag huge huge huge
rt handle modi hinting on pakistan on terrorism, good talibbad talib policy in a friend country of pak.test num pakistan foreign rela
nawaz visits countries to get degrees and vacations & modi visits to meet his countrymen & monetary aid. hashtag hashtag
rt handle handle from whatsapp
modi mentions terrorism. is there something else that we dont know? a certain don being screwed? hashtag
rt handle hashtag the indian community in dubai says marhaba (welcome) namo with a grand welcome
to all his detractors i can zimbly zay just zhut up and keep
when pm modi speaks the world listens each n every word of his hs so much substance tht it make our country proud of him alwz hashtag
rt handle now it is getting serious can someone tell me how many nris r there?modi is targeting voters, may allow nri voting hashtag
rt handle modis passport must be thicker than shantaram book
why is hashtag received and loved all over the world? he doesnt use the word secular he follows it truthfully! hashtag take a bow!
handle handle handle you are absolutely correct. namo is omnipotent.
the policy of hashtag against hashtag is clearly not p+ bt on neutral ground i must say that modi is the leader hashtag needs. hashtag
dear modi ji will you say any thing about j&k loc victims its num days passed no tweet num dead
after watching picnum
india has $num trillion investment potential, says modi modi, who later travelled to dubai on the second leg of url
handle handle rtgujarati favours kem chho like modi to adani. today i saw ravi shanker pd. to give some light on gst.till today
rt handle high hopes. and misinformation. url
handle after num yrs of your hatred, modi is pm and you have become a filthy street bitch with no employment
namo is true leader of this world. hashtag http
independent india will be seen as post modi and premodi era in future. hashtag
narendra modi keeping to his words that he will guard india like a chaukidar.
pm modi talks about schemes like madad and emigrate at the dubai cricket stadium. follow live updates here url
rt handle ranveer sena killed num dalits. sushil modi, cp thakur scuttled probe. wonder how paswan & manjhi plan to share stage wit
rt handle how pm narendra modis uae visit offers a new strategic edge to indias middle east policy the economic times url
handle burnol moment seeing muslims cheering for modi your days gone now old man
wow. modi just wished keralites on chingam onnu in malayalam. the new year according to the malayalam calender.
congress says when modi in mosque there is nothing great about pm modis visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque
rt handle uae allots land for temple in abu dhabi
there wasnt a single stand alone visit by any indian pm to sri lanka after rajiv gandhi ji, before my visit pm narendra modi via aninews
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi dubai tens of thousands of indian expatriates floode url
all secularist. hashtag
nagaland was dealing with insurgency for a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in northeastern region pm modi
modis address to a packed crowd of num thousand indians in dubai. strengthening ties between india & uae, proud moment for indians.
rt handle modi modi modi screams do to adarshliberal ears what allah uh akbar screams from a man with a bomb charging at you would
rt handle sir handle well someone in gov is not making a date for its implementation and making it a sore point.
bjp resides their supporters in uae since num yrs so dat dey can chant modi modi during modi visit to uae
hashtag modi has established himself as d face of south asia
its not what few dirty terrorist and what fanatic act about.
this is what is religious tolerance
wat modi is doing is tht he is invoking the long slept pride of indians, empowering them rather thn keeping weak thru subsidies
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag emoticon url
via narendra modi app httpemoticon
handle not to forget modis strong hand gestures! hashtag url
really it is always amazing to hear the one n only one around t world
modi ji is one of the world
live pm modi woos uae investors, says immediate potential for us$ num trillion investme url url
modi will stop terror by speaking from the stage it seems. however, ceasefire violation and terror attacks continue unabated in india
black money chase likely to flop jaitley, modi have allowed poli hashtaghashtaghashtag at home business url
handle modi needs to drop pr and start acting like a pm
modi trolling everyone hashtag
shitty article i read till date. & only fp can post this shit
rt handle pm modi u have helped maldives by sending drinking water through steamer and plane.
rt handle tomorrow modi will say i m numst pm of india. then bhakts will say yes yes. bnum u all were idiots.
modi always love to take a dig at pakistan
rt handle namo super trolling pakis without naming themhahaha loving it hashtag hashtag url
handle handle handle handle handle who gives a damn to them !they r losers in front of modi !
hashtag visit is a turning point in our relationship with the arab world. and narendra modi has come out as a winner!
no umbrella at my home though, to be honest. url
handle they called sanjeev kapoor to cook for him, whatever he cooked, modi ate. handle
rt handle last year, cm kejriwal protested on the street! today the entire modi cabinet was on the street to protest! govts protest
handle i wud say that ed was accepted during cong rule thats y they gave clean chit & also neglected lalit modis case
rt handle what a festive sight to behold hashtag url
rt handle congress flays modi on pakistani shelling in border areas url url
rt ndtv the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as an emigrant portal pm modi in dub
what cong did to india in num years, pm modi returned that in num days hashtag
namo is setting a great trend where he addresss indian diaspora, first it was japan then us, australia now uae.
now modi brings up afghanistan emoticon
only handle has courage to say this in muslim country hashtag url
modi has lost it completelysaying same thing again and againhashtag
handle ugh ugh am busy with the malt that is single, no inclination to watch namo in dxb or elsewhere
rt handle watch live shree narendra modi ji speech hashtag handle handle handle url
nagaland treaty is a matter of life & death for someone settled in uae
handle modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board urlhashtag
thank god handle is broadcasting handle hashtag hashtag from hashtag hashtag hashtag
rt handle i dont think aruna roy & knights of the nac roundtable would be unhappy. a lot of their screwed up vision is being ena
rt handle the more modi does such sick events showing his desperateness fr publicity to cover his failures
online platform called madad to connect indian diaspora around the world pm narendra modi hashtag url
more than a political speech. looks like pm modi is giving an audition for a place in bollywood. too much drama! hashtag
because media is not acknowledging, what pm modi is contributing to india , indians all over the world comes together to ensure india first
handle sardasai wont dare to be at place where modi is. understands it very well the charm and following for modi.handle handle
modi in dubai live thousands still queuing up to enter the stadium num.numpm still long queues (scroll down url
rt handle modi effect. for the numst time. url
live streaming from dubai url
modi extracts $num bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate one must remember that this i url
aaj tak live watch modis abu dhabi uae speech live streaming the indian prime minister url
rt handle dubai cricket stadium has so far had hosted num odis, and now hosting num modi.
what modis uae visit means for indian muslims, trade and investment
handle handle handle handle this is called communal politics. sanjay how long u depend on modi do some work
enjoy a cute baby panda! emoticon url url
handle which channel showing modis address in dubai?
rt handle handle handle now this statement shows how disconnected netas r from realityarre modi is famous, evil
i am sure ppl wont come taking so much hardahip and waiting under num dgree sun heat imposaible this love is only for modi hashtag
handle .hatred for modi is ur thought and food
handle handle what special will happen to modi, congress to clarify. what congress wants to prove.
rt handle narendra modi copying url
modi tears kurta and flings at crowd.
wen he wnt they r sayng
what treaty? btw why is asfpa still on in north east . thx url
rt handle handle yes construction all ready going on. near baniyas hindu grave yard. last one & half year. i also surprised mo
watched a documentary on n. korea!
whisper back habibi hashtag, hashtag ran from hashtag in nums, how would i know, ask hashtag & hashtag ! url
num.numlac crore investment in india by uae.woweveryone chanting *modi*.*modi* hashtag
handle wrong timing num d bait mam. all busy watching namo. kal din me dobara try karna. and evening me act as a victim. serves u well
mojo modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since url
rt handle when you hire the crowd thy love to stand in scorching sun
hashtag not able to believe the response for modi in uae ! just wow ! hashtag hashtag
modi ji has guts standing in islamic country and cursing taliban and terrorism. loved ithashtag
bjp strategy save modis
rt handle she once called him a pseudo hindu, but uma bharati now wants to pen a book on pm modi url url
vote on the poll modi in uaeis good for india? on url hashtag url via handle
rt handle modi government unveils numpoint revamp plan for public sector banks url
incorrigible feku. url
again & again modi ji is prooving strong & attractive indian pm
pm modi appreciates uaes move to allot land for templeshashtag
dubai stadium, puts more pressure on london modi programme, to have it even better than dubai
rt handle hashtag hashtag has no clue what indias issues are or how to fix them manoj joshi url url
handle handle this pm is washing his own linen in public. but if another person comes & washes d same where modi will hide his face
they r still trying to manage a num yr old event i.e. hashtag url
amazing and spirit full, hail namocheers url
rt handle great, full of pride and purpose url
hope he has mercy on italian gangster and her forest gump
rt handle handle first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at handle event in dubai. hashtag http
pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium hashtag url via aninews
handle this photoshopped pic doing rounds of defence groups as todays headline wrt modi url
rt handle kapoor was called by local organizers. more important issues to attack modi with
hashtag hashtag handle
handle handle thats the reason why modi sir is visiting several countries. hope they will vote when needed.
is modi speaking on behalf of india or self? is he just narendra modi? or indias prime minister? hashtag
so nice to see this grand mother at the middle, shouting modi modi emoticon hashtag hashtag url
euphoria all over a slide show of namos journey was shown the crowd couldnt control their excitementbegan roaring handle
dubai gets ready for mega modi moment the indian express url
rt handle num to num thousands indians arent only indians, modi ji.
handle handle coz they are not muslim actually they are hindustani and every hindustani enjoy modi jee speech. emoticon
rt handle pm modi in uae india, uae to strengthen defence relations via exercises & defence mfg hashtag
rt handle hashtag hashtag could emerge as the hashtag leader due to hashtag splendid efforts abroad, provided hashtag must deliver
hashtag will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents cong to pm modi url hashtag hashtag
handle handle handle handle i fully agree. uae has given so much protocol to modi.
rt handle indias pm modi attending investors meet in uae
why modi is no longer ignoring the hashtag world, by handle url hashtag url
rt handle last time i heard a chant like modi modi was when i heard in the movie bahubali, bahubali hashtag
a group in bihar united with their corrupted money and minds tries to show bjp as communal.
rt handle handle modi is going all we have cultural and historic ties,make in india,strengthen defense ties with all!good
sonias slaves and aaptards you can only trend these paid hashtags like hashtag while our pm is ready for this url
pm modi says nris in dubai have always made india proud hashtag
congress gave metro, modi sell dream of bullet & in turn hiking rail price.
it took only num mins to travel nepal. but v took num years to visit nepal
in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect puppet. hashtag
shajaah cricket stadium witnessed great indian innings twice
muslims fear rising tide of hindu nationalism in modis india url
omg what a reception of hashtag it is hashtag ! hear the crowd roarrrrrrrrrrrr only num name hashtag hashtag url
our to be pm in num hashtag spends more holidays in countries modi never visited. hashtag, spain, venezuela, italy, etc.
rt handle does that box contain dawood, modi sir?
pm narendra modis address to the nation on numth independence day from the ramparts of red fort india url
handle handle num billion $ investment that is much more important than any no nonsense pr event of pm modi ji
anybody keeping a close eye on namo work would tell his biggest skill is implementation skill.
dubai cricket stadium has hosted num odis and now num modi. proud to have a prime minister like sri narendra modi.handle hashtag
modi upping the ante by speaking on terrorism at a place where most of the terror funds come from. hashtag
numst time m hearing modimodi than sachinsachin by indians at cricket stadium handle hashtag
lol!@ modi becoming a muslim!
hashtag thankful to uaes crown prince for allotting land for hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi in dubai hashtag
hashtag hashtag handle url
listening modi jireally so hopeful
rt handle modi in dubai cultural performances started with indian traditional dance url
leave that choice to him, please url
no change is modis sales pitch. repetitive stuff.
bharat maata ji jai chanting in the land of arab. this is real ghar wapasi event by fascist modi. hashtag hashtag
num,num indians to hear modi at marhaba namo event in dubai via rworldnews url
handle handle handle pm modis focus is development, which dies not discriminate. muslims can gain as much as others
marhaba namo first of its kind by modi
now i am feeling, india will get electricity in every corner num in next num years. hashtag kyu ke modi ka vada hai emoticon
electrifying an understatement to describe atmosphere at dubai cricket ground. a big thank you!rtpm modi hashtag url
pm narendra modi leaves for new delhi. hashtag url
the muslims i spotted in the dubai gallery cheering for modi are dawoodi bohras. there is a difference. thank u
